It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino tetrasaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino tetrasaccharide. It has a role as a carbohydrate allergen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a loperamide(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a loperamide(1+). It is a member of piperidines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a conjugate base of a loperamide(1+). It is a member of piperidines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. The molecule is a synthetic piperidine derivative, effective against diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. 	
It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 	It derives from a dodecanoic acid. The molecule is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of two molecules of dodecanoic acid. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a carboxyalkyl phosphate and a hydroxyalkyl phosphate. 	
It contains a loxoprofen sodium. 	It contains a loxoprofen sodium. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of loxoprofen sodium. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a marine metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a marine metabolite. The molecule is an alklaoid obtained from the marine sponge Aplysinella. 	
It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 	It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a tricyclic triterpenoid. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a tricyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a tricyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic triterpenoid isolated from Poria cocos. 	
It derives from a formamide. 	It derives from a formamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a formamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide substituted by a butyl group at the N atom. 	
It is a cyanine dye, a quaternary ammonium ion, a benzoxazolium ion and a quinolinium ion. 	It is a cyanine dye, a quaternary ammonium ion, a benzoxazolium ion and a quinolinium ion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a conjugate base of a Photinus luciferin. 	It is a conjugate base of a Photinus luciferin. The molecule is the conjugate base of Photinus luciferin; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a steroid glucosiduronic acid. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1 and 6 respectively. 	
It is a member of nystatins and a carboxylic acid. 	It is a member of nystatins and a carboxylic acid. The molecule is a polyene macrolide antibiotic; part of the nystatin complex produced by several Streptococcus species. 	
It is an ether, an extended flavonoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 	It is an ether, an extended flavonoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an ether, an extended flavonoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the leaves of Baeckea frutescens and exhibits cytotoxicity against leukemia cells. 	
It is a member of quinolines, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes, a primary amino compound and a naphthalenecarboxamide. 	It is a member of quinolines, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes, a primary amino compound and a naphthalenecarboxamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. 	
It is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid and a pyridone. 	It is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid and a pyridone. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist, a fungal metabolite and a neurotoxin. 	It is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid and a pyridone. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist, a fungal metabolite and a neurotoxin. The molecule is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid that is siolated from the poisonous mushroom Clitocybe amoenolens. 	
It derives from a gossypetin. 	It derives from a gossypetin. It is a pentahydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a monomethoxyflavone. 	
It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a mycotoxin. 	It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a mycotoxin. It is a mycotoxin isolated from Aspergillus fumigatus. 	
It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 	It derives from a dodecanoic acid. The molecule is a monohydroxy fatty acid with a lauric acid core substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group, which confers chirality; a component of cellular lipids in Pseudomonas strains. 	
It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antiprotozoal drug. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antimetabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antimetabolite. Tubercidin is produced in the culture broth of Streptomyces tubericidus. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a hormone antagonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a hormone antagonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. The molecule is an indole alkaloid. 	
It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of cinnamaldehydes and a member of phenyl acetates. 	It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of cinnamaldehydes and a member of phenyl acetates. The molecule is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of hydroxy group of sinapoyl aldehyde with acetic acid. 	
It is an echinocandin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. 	It is an echinocandin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. 	It is an echinocandin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. Subsequent random mutagenesis work and optimisation of the fermentation medium permitted the industrial production of pneumocandin B0, which is used as the starting point for the synthesis of the antifungal drug caspofungin. 	It is an echinocandin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. Subsequent random mutagenesis work and optimisation of the fermentation medium permitted the industrial production of pneumocandin B0, which is used as the starting point for the synthesis of the antifungal drug caspofungin. The molecule is an echinocandin initially isolated as a very minor bioactive fermentation product of Glarea lozoyensis (originally known as Zalerion arboricola). 	
It is a conjugate acid of a benzoate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a benzoate. The molecule is a compound comprising a benzene ring core carrying a carboxylic acid substituent. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a (methylthio)acetate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a (methylthio)acetate. It derives from a thioglycolic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a (methylthio)acetate. It derives from a thioglycolic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a monoterpene and a cyclohexadiene. 	It is a monoterpene and a cyclohexadiene. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	
It derives from a fumagalone. 	It derives from a fumagalone. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor. 	
It derives from a curcumin. 	It derives from a curcumin. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, an enol, an enone and a glycoside. 	It derives from a curcumin. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, an enol, an enone and a glycoside. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a cadaverine(2+). 	It derives from a cadaverine(2+). The major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a hydantoin. 	It derives from a hydantoin. It has a role as a mutagen. 	
It is a triol, an aromatic ether, a member of benzoic acids and a member of guaiacols. 	It is a triol, an aromatic ether, a member of benzoic acids and a member of guaiacols. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. 	It is a triol, an aromatic ether, a member of benzoic acids and a member of guaiacols. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. The molecule is an aromatic ether in which the oxygen atom is connected to a guaiacylglyceryl and a vanillyl group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aminoacetone. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aminoacetone. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aminoacetone. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aminoacetone. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is an ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of aminoacetone, arising from protonation of the primary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a butanone and an aldehyde hydrate. 	It is a butanone and an aldehyde hydrate. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. 	It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. It is a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. It is a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. 	It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. It is a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant, it is used in the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. 	It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. It is a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant, it is used in the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. The molecule is the carbamate ester of the primary hydroxy group of chlorphenesin. 	
It is a chromium group element atom and a metal allergen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 	It is a chromium group element atom and a metal allergen. It has a role as a micronutrient. The molecule is a chromium group element atom that has atomic number 24. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It is an organofluorine compound, a ketone, an olefinic compound and a fatty acid derivative. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It is an organofluorine compound, a ketone, an olefinic compound and a fatty acid derivative. The molecule is a fatty acid derivative that is arachidonic acid in which the OH part of the carboxy group has been replaced by a trifluoromethyl group It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor. 	
It is a benzochromenone, an aromatic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organic hydroxy compound and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a benzochromenone, an aromatic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organic hydroxy compound and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a benzochromenone, an aromatic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organic hydroxy compound and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a metabolite isolated from Hyalodendriella species. 	
It is a conjugate base of a primary fluorescent chlorophyll catabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a primary fluorescent chlorophyll catabolite. The molecule is dianion of primary fluorescent chlorophyll catabolite. 	
It derives from a glycerol and a tetracosanoic acid. 	It derives from a glycerol and a tetracosanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a fatty acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of octadecanoic acid with the amino group of glycine. 	
It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the leaves of Myrcia multiflora, it exhibits inhibitory activity against aldose reductase. 	
It is a tirucallane triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a tirucallane triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a tirucallane triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem and stem barks of Cornus walteri. 	
It derives from a butyric acid. 	It derives from a butyric acid. The R enantiomer is bioactive. 	
It has a role as a dye. 	It has a role as a dye. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of bromosulfophthalein. 	
It derives from a hesperetin. 	It derives from a hesperetin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. 	It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is an aliphatic alcohol and an octanol. 	It is an aliphatic alcohol and an octanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an aliphatic alcohol and an octanol. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an aliphatic alcohol that is octane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. 	
It has a role as an antimalarial. 	It has a role as an antimalarial. An antimalarial agent, used in racemic form, which acts as a blood schizonticide; its mechanism of action is unknown. 	
It is a diastereoisomeric mixture, a valinamide fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. 	It is a diastereoisomeric mixture, a valinamide fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a diastereoisomeric mixture, a valinamide fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a systemic fungicide, specific to oomycetes, used on potatoes and grape vines. 	
It is a benzoisoquinoline, an arenesulfonic acid, an aromatic amine and a dicarboximide. 	It is a benzoisoquinoline, an arenesulfonic acid, an aromatic amine and a dicarboximide. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'lissamine flavine FF'. 	
It contains a beryllium sulfate. 	It contains a beryllium sulfate. The molecule is a hydrate of beryllium sulfate containing beryllium (in +2 oxidation state), sulfate and water moieties in the ratio 1:1:4. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and a terminal acetylenic compound. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a terminal acetylenic compound. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of acetylene carrying a carboxymethyl group. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. 	
It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a cephalosporin and a semisynthetic derivative. 	It is a cephalosporin and a semisynthetic derivative. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It is a cephalosporin and a semisynthetic derivative. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is used to treat bronchitis as well as ear, skin and other bacterial infections. 	
It derives from a phenylarsonic acid. 	It derives from a phenylarsonic acid. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and an agrochemical. 	
It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tetrazine. 	It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tetrazine. It has a role as a mite growth regulator and a tetrazine acaricide. 	
It derives from a glutaramic acid. 	It derives from a glutaramic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a glutaramic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a metabolite identified in human breast milk. 	
It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). It derives from a monofluorobenzene. 	It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). It derives from a monofluorobenzene. It is a member of piperidines, a member of benzodioxoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. 	It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). It derives from a monofluorobenzene. It is a member of piperidines, a member of benzodioxoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. 	It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). It derives from a monofluorobenzene. It is a member of piperidines, a member of benzodioxoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. Antidepressant and anxiolytic in vivo. 	
It is a glycosyl glycoside derivative and an amino disaccharide. 	It is a glycosyl glycoside derivative and an amino disaccharide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a metabolite. 	
It is a glucosyl hydroxycinnamic acid, a dimethoxybenzene, a monosaccharide derivative and a cinnamate ester. 	It is a glucosyl hydroxycinnamic acid, a dimethoxybenzene, a monosaccharide derivative and a cinnamate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It contains a trifluoroacetate and an ethylaminium. 	It contains a trifluoroacetate and an ethylaminium. The molecule is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of trifluoroacetic acid and ethylamine. 	
It is a monothiocarbamic ester and a methanesulfonate ester. 	It is a monothiocarbamic ester and a methanesulfonate ester. It is a fungicide used for the treatment of a range of fungal diseases in rice. 	It is a monothiocarbamic ester and a methanesulfonate ester. It is a fungicide used for the treatment of a range of fungal diseases in rice. The molecule is a monothiocarbamic ester that is phenyl methanesulfonate in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a (methylcarbamoyl)sulfanediyl group. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid with formula C21H28O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It has a role as a food component and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a food component and a plant metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, a member of phenols, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, a member of phenols, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, a member of phenols, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. It is isolated from the leaves of Cassia siamea and exhibits antiplasmodial activity against Plasmodium falciparum. 	
It derives from a flavan. 	It derives from a flavan. It is a diester, a gallate ester and a trihydroxyflavan. 	It derives from a flavan. It is a diester, a gallate ester and a trihydroxyflavan. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. 	It derives from a flavan. It is a diester, a gallate ester and a trihydroxyflavan. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. Isolated from the leaves of Pithecellobium clypearia, it exhibits antiviral activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dithiophosphoric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a dithiophosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a dithiophosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a phosphorus oxoanion obtained by selective deprotonation of the SH goup and one of the OH groups of dithiophosphoric acid. 	
It is an enoate ester and an enol ether. 	It is an enoate ester and an enol ether. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antifungal agent. 	
It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a proanthocyanidin found in Cinnamomum cassia. 	
It is a tertiary amino compound and a member of formamidines. 	It is a tertiary amino compound and a member of formamidines. It has a role as an acaricide, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an insecticide. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a chlorogenate. It is a cinnamate ester and a tannin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chlorogenate. It is a cinnamate ester and a tannin. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food component. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chlorogenate. It is a cinnamate ester and a tannin. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food component. It is an intermediate metabolite in the biosynthesis of lignin. 	
It is an amino disaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino disaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen B. 	It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen B. It has a role as a siderophore. 	It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen B. It has a role as a siderophore. The molecule is a hydroxamic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the three hydroxamic acid groups of desferricoprogen B. 	
It derives from a torasemide. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 	It derives from a torasemide. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a metabolite of torasemide. 	
It is a thiopyranopyrimidine and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	It is a thiopyranopyrimidine and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a tankyrase inhibitor. 	
It is a conjugate base of a melamine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a melamine(1+). It derives from a cyanamide. 	It is a conjugate base of a melamine(1+). It derives from a cyanamide. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is an enoate ester, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a methyl ester. 	It is an enoate ester, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pentane. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentanol. 	It derives from a hydride of a pentane. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentanol. It has a role as a pheromone and a biomarker. 	It derives from a hydride of a pentane. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentanol. It has a role as a pheromone and a biomarker. The molecule is a secondary alcohol that is pentane substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a hydride of a triacontane. 	It derives from a hydride of a triacontane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an alkaloid and a cyclic ketone. 	It is an alkaloid and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is an alkaloid and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. Isolated from Penicillium herquei, it exhibits inhibitory activity against platelet aggregation. 	It is an alkaloid and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. Isolated from Penicillium herquei, it exhibits inhibitory activity against platelet aggregation. The molecule is an alkaloid comprising of a piperazine and cyclohexenone ring systems. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. cerevisiae. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. cerevisiae. aureus and S. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. cerevisiae. aureus and S. subtilis, S. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. cerevisiae. aureus and S. subtilis, S. tuberculosis and also against B. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. cerevisiae. aureus and S. subtilis, S. tuberculosis and also against B. Isolated from the mycelium of several Penicillium species, it exhibits strong antibiotic activity against M. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isoflavan. 	It derives from a hydride of an isoflavan. The molecule is a methoxyisoflavan that is isoflavan carrying a double bond across positions 3 and 4, methoxy groups at positions 7 and 4' and methyl groups at positions 2, 2 and 4 respectively. 	
It derives from a hesperetin. 	It derives from a hesperetin. It has a role as a mutagen. 	
It has a role as a radical scavenger and a fungal metabolite. 	It has a role as a radical scavenger and a fungal metabolite. It is isolated from the fermented mushroom Cyathus stercoreus and exhibits radical scavenging activities. 	
It is a conjugate base of an isovaleric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	
It is an enoate ester, an enol ether, an aromatic ether, a member of coumarins, a methyl ester and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. 	It is an enoate ester, an enol ether, an aromatic ether, a member of coumarins, a methyl ester and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. A fungicide active against various fungal infections including downy mildew, blight, powdery mildew and rice blast. 	
It is an aluminium sulfate and a hydrate. 	It is an aluminium sulfate and a hydrate. It is one of the commonest hydrates of aluminium sulfate. 	It is an aluminium sulfate and a hydrate. It is one of the commonest hydrates of aluminium sulfate. of water. 	It is an aluminium sulfate and a hydrate. It is one of the commonest hydrates of aluminium sulfate. of water. The molecule is a hydrate resulting from the the formal combination of anhydrous aluminium sulfate with approximately 16 mol eq. 	
It derives from a morellin. 	It derives from a morellin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a member of phenols, a polycyclic cage and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a morellin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a member of phenols, a polycyclic cage and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. The molecule is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid derived from morellin by oxidation of the aldehyde group to the corresponding carboxy group. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle and an oxacycle. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle and an oxacycle. The molecule is an eunicellin diterpenoid isolated from the soft coral Klyxum molle. 	
It derives from a flavanone. 	It derives from a flavanone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a flavanone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a methoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7 and 4'. 	
It has a role as an EC 5.1.1.* (racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives) inhibitor. 	It has a role as an EC 5.1.1.* (racemases acting on amino acids and derivatives) inhibitor. It is a bacterial glutamate racemase inhibitor. 	
It derives from an egonol and an oleic acid. 	It derives from an egonol and an oleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an egonol and an oleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the fruits of Styrax agrestis. 	It derives from an egonol and an oleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the fruits of Styrax agrestis. The molecule is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of egonol with oleic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a senecionine(1+). It derives from a senecionan. 	It is a conjugate base of a senecionine(1+). It derives from a senecionan. It is a lactone, a pyrrolizidine alkaloid and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a conjugate base of a senecionine(1+). It derives from a senecionan. It is a lactone, a pyrrolizidine alkaloid and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a senecionine(1+). It derives from a senecionan. It is a lactone, a pyrrolizidine alkaloid and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pyrrolizidine alkaloid isolated from the plant species of the genus Senecio. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an analgesic and an antiinfective agent. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an analgesic and an antiinfective agent. The molecule is a diterpene alkaloid with formula C31H43NO10 that is isolated from several Aconitum species. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial, a neuroprotective agent, a hepatoprotective agent and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial, a neuroprotective agent, a hepatoprotective agent and an antioxidant. It is isolated from the trunk barks of Amburana cearensis and exhibits antimalarial, neuroprotective, hepatoprotective and antioxidant activities. 	
It is a conjugate base of a zealexin A1. 	It is a conjugate base of a zealexin A1. It has a role as a phytoalexin. 	It is a conjugate base of a zealexin A1. It has a role as a phytoalexin. The major speciess at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a zealexin A1. It has a role as a phytoalexin. The major speciess at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting forom the deprotonation of the caroxy group of zealexin A1. 	
It derives from a calcitriol. 	It derives from a calcitriol. It is a member of oxolanes and a hydroxycalciol. 	It derives from a calcitriol. It is a member of oxolanes and a hydroxycalciol. The molecule is a hydroxycalciol that is calcitriol which has undergone formal oxidative coupling at positions 20 and 23 to the hydroxy group and methyl group, respectively, of methanol to afford the corresponding oxolane ring (the 20S,23R stereoisomer). 	
It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a fundamental metabolite. 	It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a fundamental metabolite. It is an intermediate metabolite in the citric acid cycle. 	It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a fundamental metabolite. It is an intermediate metabolite in the citric acid cycle. The molecule is a butenedioic acid in which the C=C double bond has E geometry. 	
It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. 	It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. It contains a zinc(2+) and a dimethyldithiocarbamate. 	It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. It contains a zinc(2+) and a dimethyldithiocarbamate. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and a zinc molecular entity. 	It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. It contains a zinc(2+) and a dimethyldithiocarbamate. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and a zinc molecular entity. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. It contains a zinc(2+) and a dimethyldithiocarbamate. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and a zinc molecular entity. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an antifungal agrochemical. The molecule is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the zinc salt of dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an intermediate in the metabolism of purine. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a photosensitizing agent. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a photosensitizing agent. It is commonly used for staining Gram negative bacteria red in smears to contrast with the blue Gram positive organisms. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It is an ergot alkaloid and a member of sulfamides. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It is an ergot alkaloid and a member of sulfamides. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a dopamine agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It is an ergot alkaloid and a member of sulfamides. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a dopamine agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. The molecule is a member of the class of ergot alkaloids that is known to act on serotonin and dopamine receptors. 	
It is a lignan, a member of tetralins, a member of catechols and a member of guaiacols. 	It is a lignan, a member of tetralins, a member of catechols and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a lignan, a member of tetralins, a member of catechols and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the bark of Machilus robusta. 	
It contains a QSY21 succinimidyl ester(1+). 	It contains a QSY21 succinimidyl ester(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It contains a QSY21 succinimidyl ester(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. 	
It is a member of piperidines, a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide and a difluorobenzene. 	It is a member of piperidines, a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide and a difluorobenzene. It is a CDK1, CDK2 and CDK17 kinase inhibitor. 	
It derives from a spirilloxanthin. It is a carotenoid ether, a carotenone, a carotenol and a ketone hydrate. 	It derives from a spirilloxanthin. It is a carotenoid ether, a carotenone, a carotenol and a ketone hydrate. The molecule is a carotenoid ether that is spirilloxanthin carrying an oxo group at position 2 as well as two hydroxy group, both at position 2'. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. Torvoside H is a natural product found in the fruit of Solanum torvum which shows antiviral activity against herpes simplex virus type 1. 	
It is a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. The molecule is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin in which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 1, 2, 3, and 4. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a lysophosphatidylcholine 16:0 in which a hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) group is attached to the glycero moiety at position 1. 	
It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a polyphenol. 	It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from the woods of Garcinia subelliptica, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid and a peroxol. 	It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid and a peroxol. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. 	It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid and a peroxol. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. Isolated from Pogostemon cablin, it exhibits trypanocidal activity. 	
It derives from a brevianamide F. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether, an enone and an aromatic ketone. 	It derives from a brevianamide F. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether, an enone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a brevianamide F. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether, an enone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. Isolated from Aspergillus sydowii, it exhibits cytotoxicity. 	It derives from a brevianamide F. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether, an enone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. Isolated from Aspergillus sydowii, it exhibits cytotoxicity. The molecule is an indole alkaloid that is tryprostatin A substituted by an oxo substituent at position 18. 	
It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. 	It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. A synthetic pyrethroid insecticide, it is used to control varroa mites in honey bee colonies. 	It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. A synthetic pyrethroid insecticide, it is used to control varroa mites in honey bee colonies. The molecule is the (2R) diastereomers of fluvalinate. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a glutaramate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a glutaramate. It derives from a glutaric acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a glutaramate. It derives from a glutaric acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is formally derived from glutaric acid by conversion of one of the two carboxylic acid groups to the corresponding amide. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a phenylacetaldehyde in which the 3 and 4 positions of the phenyl group are substituted by hydroxy groups. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a sulfadiazinate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a sulfadiazinate. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It is a conjugate acid of a sulfadiazinate. It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Ternstroemia japonica, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a manganate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a manganate. It is a conjugate base of a manganic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a manganate. It is a conjugate base of a manganic acid. It is a manganese oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a manganate. It is a conjugate base of a manganic acid. It is a manganese oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a manganese oxoanion that consists of manganic acid where one of the two OH groups has been deprotonated. 	
It is an aldoxime, an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines and a pyridine alkaloid. 	It is an aldoxime, an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines and a pyridine alkaloid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an oxopentanoic acid carrying an oxo group at position 2. 	
It is a sulfamate ester, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an oxacycle and an organic heteromonocyclic compound. 	It is a sulfamate ester, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an oxacycle and an organic heteromonocyclic compound. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a sweetening agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a resolvin D5. 	It is a conjugate base of a resolvin D5. The molecule is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoate that is the conjugate base of resolvin D5, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a phosphonic acid. 	It derives from a phosphonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glyceric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a glyceric acid. It derives from a propionate. 	It is a conjugate base of a glyceric acid. It derives from a propionate. It is a member of glycerates and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a glyceric acid. It derives from a propionate. It is a member of glycerates and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a glyceric acid. It derives from a propionate. It is a member of glycerates and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of glyceric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid and an oleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid and an oleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a surfactant and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a surfactant and a mouse metabolite. It is also a major constituent of pulmonary surfactants. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a surfactant and a mouse metabolite. It is also a major constituent of pulmonary surfactants. A synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. 	
It derives from a pinoresinol. 	It derives from a pinoresinol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a pinoresinol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roost of Scorzonera judaica. 	
It derives from a cholesterol. 	It derives from a cholesterol. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent. 	It derives from a cholesterol. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent. The molecule is a cholestanoid that consists of cholesterol bearing an oxo substituent at position 7. 	
It is an ammonium salt and a citrate salt. 	It is an ammonium salt and a citrate salt. It has a role as a food emulsifier and a buffer. 	
It derives from a protobassic acid. 	It derives from a protobassic acid. It is a carboxylic ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It derives from a protobassic acid. It is a carboxylic ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a protobassic acid. It is a carboxylic ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the barks of Madhuca indica, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. 	It derives from a protobassic acid. It is a carboxylic ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the barks of Madhuca indica, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin that consists of protobassic acid as the aglycone moiety. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Daphnia pulex metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Daphnia pulex metabolite. It has been found in Daphnia pulex and exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It is a member of benzoic acids, a stilbenoid, a member of dihydronaphthalenes and an acetylenic compound. 	It is a member of benzoic acids, a stilbenoid, a member of dihydronaphthalenes and an acetylenic compound. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor antagonist. 	
It is a trisaccharide derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is a trisaccharide derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It contains a tetryzoline(1+). 	It contains a tetryzoline(1+). It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a nasal decongestant. 	It contains a tetryzoline(1+). It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a nasal decongestant. It is used as a nasal decongestant. 	It contains a tetryzoline(1+). It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a nasal decongestant. It is used as a nasal decongestant. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of tetryzoline. 	
It contains a cycrimine. 	It contains a cycrimine. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. 	It contains a cycrimine. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. 	It contains a cycrimine. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of cycrimine. 	
It is a member of benzimidazoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a member of benzimidazoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antiemetic, a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and an anaesthesia adjuvant. 	
It is a carboxylic ester, an epoxide, a quaternary ammonium ion and a tropane alkaloid. 	It is a carboxylic ester, an epoxide, a quaternary ammonium ion and a tropane alkaloid. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an oleanolic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a sapogenin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a sapogenin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a sapogenin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. 	
It derives from an isoamylol. 	It derives from an isoamylol. It has a role as a metabolite and a fragrance. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dUTP. 	It is a conjugate base of a dUTP. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It contains a ciprofloxacin. 	It contains a ciprofloxacin. The molecule is the anhydrous form of the monohydrochloride salt of ciprofloxacin. 	
It is a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether and a monothiocarbamic ester. 	It is a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor, a herbicide and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor, a herbicide and an antifungal agrochemical. It has fungicidal and herbicidal activity and is used in paddy rice and turf production. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a triol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a triol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a triol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. Isolated from Salvia santolinifolia, it exhibits inhibitory activity against cholinesterase. 	
It is a conjugate base of a xanthurenic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a xanthurenic acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a xanthurenic acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. The molecule is a quinolinemonocarboxylate that is the conjugate base of xanthurenic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It derives from a quercetagetin. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is used as a fungicide for the control of powdery mildew in cereal crops as well as in apple and pear orchards. 	
It is a diterpenoid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an epoxide, a cinnamate ester, a triol and a bridged compound. 	It is a diterpenoid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an epoxide, a cinnamate ester, a triol and a bridged compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	
It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate. 	It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate. It contains a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous). 	It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate. It contains a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous). The molecule is the monohydrate form of dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride. 	
It derives from a benzylpenicillin. 	It derives from a benzylpenicillin. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an oxymetazoline. 	It is a conjugate acid of an oxymetazoline. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate acid of an oxymetazoline. It is the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a carboxamidinium ion resulting from the protonation of the carboxamidine group of oxymetazoline. 	
It derives from an ecgonine. 	It derives from an ecgonine. It is an azabicycloalkane, an organofluorine compound and a methyl ester. 	It derives from an ecgonine. It is an azabicycloalkane, an organofluorine compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radiopharmaceutical. 	It derives from an ecgonine. It is an azabicycloalkane, an organofluorine compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radiopharmaceutical. Used for the imaging of dopamine transporters in the brain of adult patients with potential Parkinsonian Syndromes. 	
It is a class I yanuthone, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a class I yanuthone, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and an antifungal agent. 	It is a class I yanuthone, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is the only one of the sixteen yanuthones described up to 2015 to display strong antimicrobial activity. 	It is a class I yanuthone, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is the only one of the sixteen yanuthones described up to 2015 to display strong antimicrobial activity. The molecule is a class I yanuthone that is yanuthone E in which the secondary hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. 	
It is a member of pyridines and an aryl thiol. 	It is a member of pyridines and an aryl thiol. It has a role as a fluorescence quencher and an allergen. 	
It derives from a valeric acid. 	It derives from a valeric acid. It is a fatty acid derivative and a secondary amino compound. 	It derives from a valeric acid. It is a fatty acid derivative and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It contains a zinc sulfate. 	It contains a zinc sulfate. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. 	It contains a zinc sulfate. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. The molecule is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of zinc sulfate. 	
It contains a clodronic acid disodium salt. 	It contains a clodronic acid disodium salt. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. 	It contains a clodronic acid disodium salt. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification, and is used as an adjunct in the treatment of severe hypercalcaemia associated with malignancy, and in the management of osteolytic lesions and bone pain associated with skeletal metastases. 	It contains a clodronic acid disodium salt. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification, and is used as an adjunct in the treatment of severe hypercalcaemia associated with malignancy, and in the management of osteolytic lesions and bone pain associated with skeletal metastases. The molecule is the tetrahydrate of the disodium salt of clodronic acid. 	
Commonly but incorrectly described as an alkylating agent due to its mechanism of action (but it lacks alkyl groups). 	Commonly but incorrectly described as an alkylating agent due to its mechanism of action (but it lacks alkyl groups). The molecule is a diamminedichloroplatinum compound in which the two ammine ligands and two chloro ligands are oriented in a cis planar configuration around the central platinum ion. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin I2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin I2. The molecule is a prostaglandins I. 	
It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an arenesulfonic acid and a member of quinomethanes. 	It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an arenesulfonic acid and a member of quinomethanes. It has a role as a histological dye. 	It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an arenesulfonic acid and a member of quinomethanes. It has a role as a histological dye. The trisodium salt is the biological stain 'chromoxane cyanin R'. 	
It is an aldehyde and an acetate ester. 	It is an aldehyde and an acetate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an aldehyde and an acetate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an aldehyde that is propanal substituted by an acetoxy group at position 2. 	
It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 	It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from the woods of Garcinia subelliptica, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. 	It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a fungicide. 	It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a fungicide. It is used as a fungicide. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a primary alcohol. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite, an actin polymerisation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite, an actin polymerisation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. A derivative of jaspamide, it has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic and microfilament disruption activity. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite, an actin polymerisation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. A derivative of jaspamide, it has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic and microfilament disruption activity. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens. 	
It is a tautomer of an isocyanic acid. 	It is a tautomer of an isocyanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanate. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a gevotroline. 	It is a conjugate acid of a gevotroline. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	
It is a lactol, a monosaccharide derivative and a macrodiolide. 	It is a lactol, a monosaccharide derivative and a macrodiolide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antifungal agent and an autophagy inhibitor. 	It is a lactol, a monosaccharide derivative and a macrodiolide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antifungal agent and an autophagy inhibitor. The molecule is a macrodiolide that is isolated from several bacteria including Streptomyces violaceoniger and other soil actinomycetes. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. The molecule is flavone hydroxylated at positions 3', 4', 5, 5' and 7. 	
It is an enantiomer of an escitalopram. 	It is an enantiomer of an escitalopram. It is the inactive enantiomer of citalopram. 	
It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. Isolated from the whole plants of Haloxylon recurvum, it exhibits chymotrypsin inhibitory activity. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a thyroxine sulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of a thyroxine sulfate. The molecule is conjugate base of thyroxine sulfate having anionic carboxy and sulfate groups and the amino group protonated. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tauroursocholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tauroursocholate. It derives from an ursocholic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tauroursocholate. It derives from an ursocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tauroursocholate. It derives from an ursocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. The molecule is a bile acid taurine conjugate of ursocholic acid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tyramine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tyramine. It is a monoamine molecular messenger and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tyramine. It is a monoamine molecular messenger and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a neurotransmitter and a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tyramine. It is a monoamine molecular messenger and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a neurotransmitter and a human metabolite. The molecule is an ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of tyramine; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tertiary alcohol and a labdane diterpenoid. 	It is a tertiary alcohol and a labdane diterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lipoxin A4. 	It is a conjugate base of a lipoxin A4. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a lipoxin anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a lipoxin A4. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a lipoxin anion. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy function of lipoxin A4: major species at pH 7.3. 	
It contains an oxyphenbutazone. 	It contains an oxyphenbutazone. The molecule is a hydrate obtained by combining oxyphenbutazone with one molar equivalent of water. 	
It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Penicillium purpurogenum. 	
It is a member of thiophenes, an organosulfonic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. 	It is a member of thiophenes, an organosulfonic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a carbotricyclic compound. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a carbotricyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a carbotricyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in Tripterygium wilfordii and Tripterygium hypoglaucum. 	
It contains a sodium molybdate (anhydrous). 	It contains a sodium molybdate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate, an inorganic sodium salt and a molybdate. 	It contains a sodium molybdate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate, an inorganic sodium salt and a molybdate. It has a role as a poison. 	It contains a sodium molybdate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate, an inorganic sodium salt and a molybdate. It has a role as a poison. The molecule is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of sodium molybdate. 	
It derives from an amphetamine. 	It derives from an amphetamine. It is an organoiodine compound, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of amphetamines. 	It derives from an amphetamine. It is an organoiodine compound, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of amphetamines. The molecule is an organoiodine compound that is amphetamine bearing two methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 5 as well as an iodo substituent at position 4. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a new fuchsin free base. 	It is a conjugate acid of a new fuchsin free base. The molecule is an iminium ion obtained by protonation of the imino group of new fuchsin free base. 	
It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a ring assembly. 	It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a ring assembly. It has a role as a biological pigment, a bacterial metabolite and an ultraviolet filter. 	
It has a role as a herbicide. 	It has a role as a herbicide. It is a postemergence herbicide used for the control of annual weeds in cereal crops, maize, and rice. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexyl isocyanide(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexyl isocyanide(1+). The molecule is an isocyanide having a cyclohexyl group attached to nitrogen. 	
It derives from a progesterone. 	It derives from a progesterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a phosphonic acid and an acetic acid. 	It derives from a phosphonic acid and an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phosphonic acids. 	It derives from a phosphonic acid and an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phosphonic acids. The molecule is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorous is replaced by a carboxymethyl group. 	
It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a sitosterol. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a sitosterol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a sitosterol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. 	
It is a conjugate base of a menadione sulfonic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a menadione sulfonic acid. The molecule is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of menadione sulfonic acid, arising from deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an adenine. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a benzoate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an oxacycle, a bridged compound, a tertiary alcohol, a pyridine alkaloid and a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a benzoate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an oxacycle, a bridged compound, a tertiary alcohol, a pyridine alkaloid and a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a benzoate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an oxacycle, a bridged compound, a tertiary alcohol, a pyridine alkaloid and a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpene alkaloid that is isolated from the stem of Tripterygium regelii. 	
It derives from an umbelliferone. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of coumarins. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of coumarins. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of coumarins. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of coumarins that is umbelliferone in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It is a sulfonamide, a carbamate ester, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 	It is a sulfonamide, a carbamate ester, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor. 	
It is a conjugate base of an alverine(1+). It has a role as an antispasmodic drug. 	It is a conjugate base of an alverine(1+). It has a role as an antispasmodic drug. An antispasmodic that acts directly on intestinal and uterine smooth muscle, it is used (particularly as the citrate salt) in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin J2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin J2. It is a prostaglandins J and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a prostaglandin J2. It is a prostaglandins J and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. 	
It is a member of bromomethanes and a bromohydrocarbon. 	It is a member of bromomethanes and a bromohydrocarbon. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It is a member of bromomethanes and a bromohydrocarbon. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is produced by marine algae. 	It is a member of bromomethanes and a bromohydrocarbon. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is produced by marine algae. The molecule is a member of the class of bromomethanes that is methane substituted by two bromo groups. 	
It is an amino nonasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino nonasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a cyclic ketal, a sulfamate ester and a ketohexose derivative. 	It is a cyclic ketal, a sulfamate ester and a ketohexose derivative. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a sodium channel blocker. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an actin polymerisation inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an actin polymerisation inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. A derivative of jaspamide, it has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic and microfilament disruption activity. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a macrocycle and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an actin polymerisation inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. A derivative of jaspamide, it has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic and microfilament disruption activity. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens. 	
It derives from a diphenyl ether. 	It derives from a diphenyl ether. It has a role as a mite growth regulator. 	It derives from a diphenyl ether. It has a role as a mite growth regulator. The molecule is a benzoylurea insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a difluorobenzene. 	
It is a fatty alcohol, an alkyl alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a fatty alcohol, an alkyl alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a fatty alcohol, an alkyl alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	
It is a diterpenoid, an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a macrocycle. 	It is a diterpenoid, an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a pipecolic acid. 	It derives from a pipecolic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a pipecolic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid that is pipecolic acid with a hydroxy substituent at position 5. 	
It is a pyrazolone and a member of formamides. 	It is a pyrazolone and a member of formamides. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. 	It is a pyrazolone and a member of formamides. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a metabolite of aminophenazone. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an organic heterobicyclic compound that is a cyclic peroxy compound isolated from the Australian marine sponge Plakinastrella clathrata. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an arjunolic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an arjunolic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an arjunolic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Juglans sinensis. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from an oleic acid and an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid and an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It contains a clobenpropit(2+). 	It contains a clobenpropit(2+). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. 	It contains a clobenpropit(2+). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. An extremely potent histamine H3 antagonist/inverse agonist (pA2 = 9.93). 	It contains a clobenpropit(2+). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. An extremely potent histamine H3 antagonist/inverse agonist (pA2 = 9.93). The molecule is a hydrobromide salt obtained by reaction of clobenpropit with two equivalents of hydrobromic acid. 	
It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols and a benzyl ester. 	It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols and a benzyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a Cy5 dye and an indolium ion. 	It is a Cy5 dye and an indolium ion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a conjugate base of a quinaldic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a quinaldic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a quinaldic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a quinolinemonocarboxylate that is the conjugate base of quinaldic acid; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F1alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F1alpha. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a bromide salt and a lithium salt. 	It is a bromide salt and a lithium salt. The anhydrous salt forms cubic crystals similar to common salt. The molecule is a lithium salt in which the counterion is bromide. 	
It derives from a glycerol. 	It derives from a glycerol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a glycerol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is isolated from the whole plant of Lepisorus contortus. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an indolmycenate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an indolmycenate. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a monoterpenoid, an enal and a member of prenols. 	It is a monoterpenoid, an enal and a member of prenols. The molecule is a monoterpenoid that is geranial bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 8. 	
It derives from a hydride of a docosane. 	It derives from a hydride of a docosane. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an eosin b diphenol. 	It is a conjugate base of an eosin b diphenol. The molecule is a phenolate anion which is a dianion obtained by the deprotonation of both the phenolic OH groups of eosin b diphenol. 	
It derives from a petroselinic acid. 	It derives from a petroselinic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillenate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillenate. It has a role as an allergen. 	
It derives from an erucic acid. 	It derives from an erucic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a lumazine. 	It derives from a lumazine. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a coniferol. 	It derives from a coniferol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a nectriapyrone. 	It derives from a nectriapyrone. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from a nectriapyrone. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a fungal metabolite isolated from Diaporthe gulyae. 	It derives from a nectriapyrone. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a fungal metabolite isolated from Diaporthe gulyae. The molecule is a member of the class of nectriapyrones that is nectriapyrone that carries a hydroxy group at position 4. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	
It derives from a propionate. 	It derives from a propionate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an allodeoxycholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an allodeoxycholate. It has a role as a marine metabolite, a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a testosterone. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an androstanoid that is the acetate derivative of testosterone. 	
It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. 	It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It derives from an ophioglonol. 	It derives from an ophioglonol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an ophioglonol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the whole plants of Ophioglossum pedunculosum. 	
It is an aromatic amide, an ether and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is an aromatic amide, an ether and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is an aromatic amide, an ether and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of acetochlor. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. 	It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. It derives from a cucurbitadienol. 	It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. It derives from a cucurbitadienol. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. It derives from a cucurbitadienol. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. It derives from a cucurbitadienol. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is cucurbitadienol in which the methylene hydrogens at position 11 have been replaced by an oxo group. 	
It is a trisaccharide derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is a trisaccharide derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It contains a cobimetinib(1+). 	It contains a cobimetinib(1+). It is a fumarate salt and an organoammonium salt. 	It contains a cobimetinib(1+). It is a fumarate salt and an organoammonium salt. The molecule is a fumarate salt prepared from cobimetinib by reaction of one molecule of fumaric acid for every two molecules of cobimetinib. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It shows significant in vitro cytotoxicity towards several human tumour cell lines. 	
It is a fatty acid methyl ester and a hexanoate ester. 	It is a fatty acid methyl ester and a hexanoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. 	It is a fatty acid methyl ester and a hexanoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester derived from hexanoic (caproic acid). 	
It derives from a sulfamide. 	It derives from a sulfamide. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. 	It derives from a sulfamide. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It derives from a sulfamide. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. A fungicide introduced in 1965 and used in the cultivation of fruit and vegetables, as well as in wood preservatives, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. 	It derives from a sulfamide. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. A fungicide introduced in 1965 and used in the cultivation of fruit and vegetables, as well as in wood preservatives, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. The molecule is a member of the class of sulfamides that is sulfamide in which the hydrogens attached to one of the nitrogens are replaced by methyl groups, while those attached to the other nitrogen are replaced by a phenyl and a [dichloro(fluoro)methyl]sulfanediyl group. 	
It is a conjugate base of a ceftizoxime. 	It is a conjugate base of a ceftizoxime. The molecule is the monocarboxylic acid anion formed by deprotonating ceftizoxime at the carboxyl oxygen. 	
It derives from a piroxicam. It is a member of pyridines and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It derives from a piroxicam. It is a member of pyridines and an organic heterotricyclic compound. A prodrug of piroxicam, it is used for the relief of pain and inflammation in musculoskeletal disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 	
It derives from a heptanoic acid and a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a heptanoic acid and a hexanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 13:0 in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as heptanoyl and hexanoyl respectively. 	
It is a member of phosphonic acids and a hydroxamic acid. 	It is a member of phosphonic acids and a hydroxamic acid. The molecule is propylphosphonic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by a formyl(hydroxy)amino group. 	
It is a carbamate ester, a fatty acid derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a carbamate ester, a fatty acid derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a carbamate ester, a fatty acid derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an antibiotic with antibacterial activity. 	It is a carbamate ester, a fatty acid derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an antibiotic with antibacterial activity. The molecule is a fatty acid derivative isolated from the fermentation broth of Alcaligenes sp. 	
It is a fatty acid 18:1 and an octadecenoic acid. 	It is a fatty acid 18:1 and an octadecenoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a tautomer of an alliin zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of an alliin zwitterion. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a cardioprotective agent, a neuroprotective agent and an antimicrobial agent. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H28O3, originally isolated from Tripterygium hypoglaucum. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an anthranilate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an anthranilate. The molecule is an aminobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid having a single amino substituent located at position 2. 	
It derives from a malonamic acid. 	It derives from a malonamic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a dichlorobenzene. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dodecanoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a dodecanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It derives from a tryptamine. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a secondary amino compound. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as a hallucinogen and a fungal metabolite. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite. It has been isolated from Microdiplodia species. 	
It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of methoxybenzenes. 	It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of methoxybenzenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of methoxybenzenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Acorus. 	
It derives from a calcitriol. 	It derives from a calcitriol. It is a triol, a member of D3 vitamins and a hydroxycalciol. 	It derives from a calcitriol. It is a triol, a member of D3 vitamins and a hydroxycalciol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tetradecanoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a tetradecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. 	It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. One of two constituents of trimethacarb. 	
It contains a carbinoxamine. 	It contains a carbinoxamine. The molecule is the maleic acid salt of carbinoxamine. 	
It derives from a calcidiol. 	It derives from a calcidiol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It has a role as a xenobiotic. 	It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a urinary metabolite of diethylhexyl phthalate. 	
It is a prostanoid, an oxo dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a ketone. 	It is a prostanoid, an oxo dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a ketone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin, a cyclic terpene ketone, an aldehyde and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin, a cyclic terpene ketone, an aldehyde and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin, a cyclic terpene ketone, an aldehyde and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Lysimachia clethroides. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. 	It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a dialkyl ketone that is nonacosane substituted by an oxo group at position 10. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino trisaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is an amino oligosaccharide and an amino pentasaccharide. 	It is an amino oligosaccharide and an amino pentasaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a chondramide, a member of indoles and a member of phenols. 	It is a chondramide, a member of indoles and a member of phenols. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a chondramide, a member of indoles and a member of phenols. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is produced by strains of the myxobacterium, Chondromyces crocatus. 	
It derives from a phenylacetate. 	It derives from a phenylacetate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a deacetylisoipecoside(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a deacetylisoipecoside(1+). The molecule is isoipecoside in which the acetyl group attaced to the nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen. 	
It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. 	It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a farnesoid X receptor agonist and a hepatoprotective agent. 	
It contains a disulfite. 	It contains a disulfite. It has a role as a food antioxidant. 	It contains a disulfite. It has a role as a food antioxidant. The molecule is an inorganic sodium salt composed of sodium and disulfite ions in a 2:1 ratio. 	
It derives from a maleic acid. 	It derives from a maleic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	
It contains a peramivir hydrate. 	It contains a peramivir hydrate. The molecule is a member of the class of guanidines that is used (as its trihydrate) for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 18 years and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days. 	
It derives from a mandelic acid. 	It derives from a mandelic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant, a drug metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a triterpenoid, a diol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It is a triterpenoid, a diol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a triterpenoid, a diol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a triterpenoid isolated from Lansium domesticum. 	
It is an amidobenzoic acid and a member of tetralins. 	It is an amidobenzoic acid and a member of tetralins. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an amidobenzoic acid and a member of tetralins. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist and an antineoplastic agent. A selective RARalpha agonist. 	
It is a conjugate base of a phosphocholine. 	It is a conjugate base of a phosphocholine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a phosphocholine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a phosphocholine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is the organophosphate oxoanion formed from choline by removal of two protons from the phosphate group. 	
It is a sulfone and a member of phenols. 	It is a sulfone and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. 	It is a sulfone and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. Isolated from the tuber of Gastrodia elata, it exhibits inhibitory effect on platelet aggregation. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid and an icosanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid and an icosanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 42:0 in which the acyl groups specified at positions 1 and 2 are docosanoyl and eicosanoyl respectively. 	
It is a quinoline alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	It is a quinoline alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is an anthocyanin cation, an anthocyanidin glycoside and a disaccharide derivative. 	
It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and an antispasmodic drug. 	It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and an antispasmodic drug. The molecule is a tertiary amine. 	
It is a barium salt and a metal sulfate. 	It is a barium salt and a metal sulfate. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. 	It is a barium salt and a metal sulfate. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. Virtually insoluble in water at room temperature, it is mostly used as a component in oil well drilling fluid it occurs naturally as the mineral barite. 	It is a barium salt and a metal sulfate. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. Virtually insoluble in water at room temperature, it is mostly used as a component in oil well drilling fluid it occurs naturally as the mineral barite. The molecule is a metal sulfate with formula BaO4S. 	
It is a hydrazone, a member of pyrimidines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an olefinic compound and a member of guanidines. 	It is a hydrazone, a member of pyrimidines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an olefinic compound and a member of guanidines. The molecule is a member of the class of hydrazones that is used as an insecticide for control of ants and cockroaches. 	
It is a hydroxycalciol, a member of D3 vitamins and a triol. 	It is a hydroxycalciol, a member of D3 vitamins and a triol. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an antipsoriatic, an immunomodulator, an antineoplastic agent, a calcium channel modulator, a nutraceutical, a vitamin, a calcium channel agonist, a metabolite, a hormone, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a hydroxycalciol, a member of D3 vitamins and a triol. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an antipsoriatic, an immunomodulator, an antineoplastic agent, a calcium channel modulator, a nutraceutical, a vitamin, a calcium channel agonist, a metabolite, a hormone, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is the active form of vitamin D3, produced fom calciol via hydoxylation in the liver to form calcidiol, which is subsequently oxidised in the kidney to give calcitriol. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is an oxysterol that is cholesterol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 20. 	
It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. 	It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a vesicant and a carcinogenic agent. 	It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a vesicant and a carcinogenic agent. It is a powerful vesicant regulated under the Chemical Weapons Convention. 	It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a vesicant and a carcinogenic agent. It is a powerful vesicant regulated under the Chemical Weapons Convention. The molecule is an ethyl sulfide that is diethyl sulfide in which a hydrogen from each of the terminal methyl groups is replaced by a chlorine. 	
It derives from a butyrate. 	It derives from a butyrate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is an isocyanide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a hapalindole. 	It is an isocyanide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a hapalindole. It is produced by the cyanobacterium Fischerella ambigua. 	
It derives from a decanoic acid. 	It derives from a decanoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	It derives from a decanoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. The molecule is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated decanoic acid. 	
It is an enol, a cyclic ketone and a monoterpenoid. 	It is an enol, a cyclic ketone and a monoterpenoid. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antiplasmodial drug, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is an enol, a cyclic ketone and a monoterpenoid. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antiplasmodial drug, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Thuja plicata and Chamaecyparis obtusa, it exhibits antimicrobial activities. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	
It is a docosanoid, an oxo fatty acid and an enone. 	It is a docosanoid, an oxo fatty acid and an enone. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a docosanoid, an oxo fatty acid and an enone. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. An intermediate of specialised proresolving mediators. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the leaves and twigs of Juglans sinensis. 	
It is an acetate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. 	It is an acetate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. The molecule is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of acetic acid with methanol. 	
It is a member of coumarins and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of coumarins and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anticoagulant. 	It is a member of coumarins and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anticoagulant. A natural product found in Citropsis articulata. 	
It derives from a GW 501516. 	It derives from a GW 501516. The molecule is a sulfoxide resulting from the oxidation of the sulfur attached to one of the phenyl groups of GW 501516. 	
It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an antifungal agent, a fungal metabolite, a polar aprotic solvent and a mutagen. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an antifungal agent, a fungal metabolite, a polar aprotic solvent and a mutagen. The molecule is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by an ethenyl group. 	
It derives from a chromone. 	It derives from a chromone. It is an aromatic ether, a member of chromones and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a chromone. It is an aromatic ether, a member of chromones and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a chromone. It is an aromatic ether, a member of chromones and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. 	It derives from a chromone. It is an aromatic ether, a member of chromones and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. The molecule is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, a methyl group at position 2 and methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 respectively. 	
It is a lipopeptide and a terminal acetylenic compound. 	It is a lipopeptide and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It is a lipopeptide and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. It is isolated from a Panamanian strain of the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula and displays antimalarial activity. 	
It is a primary nitroalkane and a volatile organic compound. 	It is a primary nitroalkane and a volatile organic compound. 101 ), it is an important starting material in organic synthesis. 	It is a primary nitroalkane and a volatile organic compound. 101 ), it is an important starting material in organic synthesis. A polar solvent (b.p. 	It is a primary nitroalkane and a volatile organic compound. 101 ), it is an important starting material in organic synthesis. A polar solvent (b.p. The molecule is a primary nitroalkane that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replace by a nitro group. 	
It derives from an isovaleric acid. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. The molecule is a germacranolide isolated from Neurolaena lobata and Austroeupatorium inulifolium and has been shown to exhibit antimalarial activity. 	
It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid trianion. 	
It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. 	It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 	
It derives from a penam. 	It derives from a penam. The parent of the class of penems. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lurasidone(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a lurasidone(1+). It derives from a maleimide. 	It is a conjugate base of a lurasidone(1+). It derives from a maleimide. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. 	It is a conjugate base of a lurasidone(1+). It derives from a maleimide. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. Lurasidone is used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) as an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia. 	
It derives from an indometacin and a proglumide. 	It derives from an indometacin and a proglumide. Following oral administration, it is metabolised to indometacin and proglumide, a drug with antisecretory effects that helps prevent injury to the stomach lining. 	It derives from an indometacin and a proglumide. Following oral administration, it is metabolised to indometacin and proglumide, a drug with antisecretory effects that helps prevent injury to the stomach lining. Used (as its dimaleate salt) to control pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal and joint disorders. 	
It is a member of chalcones and a benzenetriol. 	It is a member of chalcones and a benzenetriol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of xanthones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an epoxide. 	It is a member of xanthones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an epoxide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. 	It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It can be used for the detection of some metals in tissue. 	
It derives from a resveratrol. 	It derives from a resveratrol. It is isolated from Caragana chamlague Lamarck and exhibits significant inhibitory effect towards the enzyme acetylcholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.7). 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. The molecule is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a member of phthalimides. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a member of quinazolines, an aromatic ether, a member of morpholines, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of benzamides, a member of quinazolines, an aromatic ether, a member of morpholines, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an Aurora kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	
It is a member of benzofurans, a member of phenols, a monomethoxybenzene and a primary alcohol. 	It is a member of benzofurans, a member of phenols, a monomethoxybenzene and a primary alcohol. It is a lignan derivative isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea. 	
It derives from a MeIQx. 	It derives from a MeIQx. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and a hydroxylamine. 	It derives from a MeIQx. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and a hydroxylamine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a rat metabolite. 	It derives from a MeIQx. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and a hydroxylamine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a rat metabolite. The active metabolite of the dietary carcinogen MeIQx. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is isolated from several plant species inclduing Turraeanthus and Tillandsia. 	
It is a tetrahydropterin and a member of biopterins. 	It is a tetrahydropterin and a member of biopterins. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid and an octadecanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidic acid in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specifed as stearoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. 	
It derives from an ethanolamine. 	It derives from an ethanolamine. It is a tertiary amino compound, a primary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and a sodium channel blocker. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and a sodium channel blocker. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C22H24N2O3, originallly isolated from the leaves of Strychnos icaja. 	
It contains an esmolol. 	It contains an esmolol. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of esmolol. 	
It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiparkinson drug, a histamine antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. 	It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiparkinson drug, a histamine antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. An antimuscarinic, it is used as the hydrochloride for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. The molecule is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by palmitic (hexadecanoic) acid. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. The molecule is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H24O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It derives from a malonic acid. 	It derives from a malonic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an aziridinium. It has a role as an alkylating agent. 	It is a conjugate base of an aziridinium. It has a role as an alkylating agent. The molecule is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of aziridines and an azacycloalkane. 	
It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a diterpene lactone isolated from the whole plants of Ajuga ciliata. 	
It is a tautomer of a discadenine. 	It is a tautomer of a discadenine. The molecule is zwitterionic form of discadenine having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated amino group. 	
It is a peroxol and a guaiane sesquiterpenoid. 	It is a peroxol and a guaiane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. 	It is a peroxol and a guaiane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. Isolated from Pogostemon cablin, it exhibits trypanocidal activity. 	
It is a tertiary alcohol and an aliphatic alcohol. 	It is a tertiary alcohol and an aliphatic alcohol. It has a role as a protic solvent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a deoxyviolaceinic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a deoxyviolaceinic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a deoxyviolaceinic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. Major structure at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a deoxyviolaceinic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. Major structure at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of deoxyviolaceinic acid, resulting from the removal of the proton from the carboxy group. 	
It has a role as a nephrotoxic agent and a carcinogenic agent. 	It has a role as a nephrotoxic agent and a carcinogenic agent. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid and a NTA. 	
It is a metal carbonyl and an iron coordination entity. 	It is a metal carbonyl and an iron coordination entity. The molecule is an iron coordination entity consisting of two carbonyl and one cyano group coordinated to a central iron atom. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Poria cocos. 	
It derives from an acetic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a GABA agonist. 	
It has a role as a crystallisation adjutant. 	It has a role as a crystallisation adjutant. In the diagram, a + b + c + d ~ 5. It is commonly used to crystallise proteins. 	
It is a conjugate base of a carnitinium. 	It is a conjugate base of a carnitinium. It derives from a butyrate. 	It is a conjugate base of a carnitinium. It derives from a butyrate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino tetrasaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino tetrasaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a nematicide and an agrochemical. 	It has a role as a nematicide and an agrochemical. It is used as a broad spectrum nematicidal seed treatment. 	
It is an aromatic ether and a member of hydroquinones. 	It is an aromatic ether and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pterocarpus santalinus. 	
It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. A mycobacterial cell wall glycolipid. 	
It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a dithioacetal and a monohydroxyquinoline. 	It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a dithioacetal and a monohydroxyquinoline. The molecule is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that is biosynthesised by an engineered strain of Escherichia coli It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	
It derives from a myristoleic acid. 	It derives from a myristoleic acid. The molecule is a primary fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of myristoleic acid with ammonia. 	
It is a conjugate base of a rubrofusarin. 	It is a conjugate base of a rubrofusarin. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tropine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tropine. The molecule is conjugate acid of tropine arising from protonation of the tertiary amino group. 	
It has a role as an antigen. 	It has a role as an antigen. The structure provided is representative of that in Shigella flexneri serotype 2a and shows the repeating unit containing the acetyl group on the GlcNAc residue. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an ornithine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ornithine. It is a conjugate base of an ornithinium(2+). 	It is a conjugate acid of an ornithine. It is a conjugate base of an ornithinium(2+). It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. 	It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. An obsolete herbicide. 	
It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. 	It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. 	It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. The molecule is a trimethoxyflavone that is tricin in which the hydroxy group at position 7 has been replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It derives from a hydride of an indoline. 	It derives from a hydride of an indoline. It is a member of indoles and a member of catechols. 	It derives from a hydride of an indoline. It is a member of indoles and a member of catechols. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an indoline. It is a member of indoles and a member of catechols. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of indoles that is indoline with hydroxy substituents at positions 5 and 6. 	
It has a role as a chelator. 	It has a role as a chelator. This activity is useful as a footprinting probe. 	It has a role as a chelator. This activity is useful as a footprinting probe. The iron chelate, prepared by adding Fe(NH4)2(SO4)2, effects random oxidative cleavage of DNA in the presence of O2 and a reducing agent. 	It has a role as a chelator. This activity is useful as a footprinting probe. The iron chelate, prepared by adding Fe(NH4)2(SO4)2, effects random oxidative cleavage of DNA in the presence of O2 and a reducing agent. The molecule is a combined intercalating and chelating reagent. 	
It derives from a dotriacontanoic acid. 	It derives from a dotriacontanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ether, a tertiary alcohol, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a methyl ester. 	It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ether, a tertiary alcohol, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ether, a tertiary alcohol, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. The molecule is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from the seed kernels of Caesalpinia crista that has been found to exhibit antimalarial activity. 	
It is a member of adamantanes, a monocarboxylic acid, a naphthoic acid and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of adamantanes, a monocarboxylic acid, a naphthoic acid and a member of phenols. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. 	It is a member of adamantanes, a monocarboxylic acid, a naphthoic acid and a member of phenols. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. It acts as a selective agonist of retinoic acid receptor (RAR)gamma and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in various cancer cells. 	
It has a role as a diuretic. 	It has a role as a diuretic. The molecule is the anhydrous form of the tripotassium salt of citric acid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hygromycin B. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hygromycin B. The molecule is an ammonium ion that is the trication of hygromycin B arising from protonation of the three amino groups; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent and an antibacterial agent. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent and an antibacterial agent. It is isolated from the roots of Asphodelus microcarpus and exhibits antimicrobial activity against bacteria like Staphylococcus aureus, Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa and fungal microorganisms like Candida albicans and Botrytis cinerea. 	
It is an acetate ester and a glycosyloxyflavone. 	It is an acetate ester and a glycosyloxyflavone. S21 peak 4. 	It is an acetate ester and a glycosyloxyflavone. S21 peak 4. Identified in PMID: 23549747 Fig. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pseudobaptigenin. 	It is a conjugate base of a pseudobaptigenin. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a pseudobaptigenin. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a plant metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	It is a conjugate base of a pseudobaptigenin. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a plant metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). The molecule is a flavonoid oxoanion that is the conjugate base of pseudobaptigenin, obtained by deprotonation of the hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a glycosmisic acid. 	It derives from a glycosmisic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a glycosmisic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a guaiacyl lignin that is glycosmisic acid in which the alcoholic hydrogen is replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It is a conjugate base of a strictosidine aglycone(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a strictosidine aglycone(1+). The molecule is an indole alkaloid, an alkaloid ester and a methyl ester. 	
It is a monoterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an enal. 	It is a monoterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an enal. The molecule is a monoterpenoid that is linalool bearing an oxo substituent at position 8. 	
It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol and an organochlorine compound. 	It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It derives from a genistein. 	It derives from a genistein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of phenanthrenes, an aromatic ether, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a phenanthrene alkaloid. 	It is a member of phenanthrenes, an aromatic ether, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a phenanthrene alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of phenanthrenes, an aromatic ether, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a phenanthrene alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a plant metabolite isolated from Annona purpurea and Fagonia olivieri. 	
It contains a victoria blue R(1+). 	It contains a victoria blue R(1+). It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. 	It contains a victoria blue R(1+). It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	
It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enone and a methyl ester. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enone and a methyl ester. It has a role as an antimalarial and a plant metabolite. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enone and a methyl ester. It has a role as an antimalarial and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the leaves of Cassia siamea and exhibits antiplasmodial activity against Plasmodium falciparum. 	
It derives from a fluoroform. 	It derives from a fluoroform. It is a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	It derives from a fluoroform. It is a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a solvent and an environmental contaminant. 	It derives from a fluoroform. It is a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a solvent and an environmental contaminant. The molecule is a fluorohydrocarbon that is fluoroform in which the hydrogen is substituted by a phenyl group. 	
It contains a mupirocin calcium (anhydrous). 	It contains a mupirocin calcium (anhydrous). It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antiinfective agent. 	It contains a mupirocin calcium (anhydrous). It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antiinfective agent. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of mupirocin calcium. 	
It is a muconate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. 	It is a muconate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a cardiotoxic agent. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a cardiotoxic agent. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 26'. 	
It has a role as a protective agent and an antifungal agent. 	It has a role as a protective agent and an antifungal agent. It is obtained from the leaves of Lawsonia inermis. 	
The least abundant (0.02 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring sulfur. 	The least abundant (0.02 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring sulfur. The molecule is the stable isotope of sulfur with relative atomic mass 35.9670809. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbamate ester, a carboxylic ester and an acetal. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbamate ester, a carboxylic ester and an acetal. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant and a calcium channel blocker. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbamate ester, a carboxylic ester and an acetal. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant and a calcium channel blocker. The prodrug for gabapentin, used for treatment of neuropathic pain and restless legs syndrome. 	
It is a diterpenoid, an epoxide, an ortho ester, a terpene lactone and a benzoate ester. 	It is a diterpenoid, an epoxide, an ortho ester, a terpene lactone and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an acaricide. 	It is a diterpenoid, an epoxide, an ortho ester, a terpene lactone and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an acaricide. It is isolated from Trigonostemon thyrsoideum and has been shown to exhibit acaricidal activity. 	
It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic ether. 	It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a glycolate ester. 	It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a glycolate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a glycolate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It acts as a potent and specific inhibitor of renal cancer cell growth. 	It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a glycolate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It acts as a potent and specific inhibitor of renal cancer cell growth. The molecule is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid that is isolated from the bark of Phyllanthus engleri, a plant native to Tanzania and Zimbabwe. 	
It derives from a glyceric acid. 	It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a monophosphoglyceric acid. 	It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a monophosphoglyceric acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a monophosphoglyceric acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an intermediate in metabolic pathways like glycolysis and calvin cycle. 	
It is a member of quinuclidines, a tertiary amine and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a member of quinuclidines, a tertiary amine and a secondary alcohol. The molecule is quinuclidine in which a hydrogen atom at position 3 is substituted by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a thiouridine and a nucleoside analogue. 	It is a thiouridine and a nucleoside analogue. It has a role as an affinity label and an antimetabolite. 	
It is a member of guaiacols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 	It is a member of guaiacols and a member of benzyl alcohols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a nucleobase analogue and a pyrimidone. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a nucleobase analogue and a pyrimidone. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a glycolic acid. 	It derives from a glycolic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of acetamides, a member of benzamides and a substituted aniline. 	It is a member of acetamides, a member of benzamides and a substituted aniline. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a fondaparinux. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a fondaparinux. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. The molecule is the carbohydrate acid derivative anion formed by loss of 10 protons from the carboxy and sulfoamino groups of fondaparinux. 	
It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. 	It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. It is an ammonium salt and a dithiocarbamate salt. 	It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. It is an ammonium salt and a dithiocarbamate salt. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. It is an ammonium salt and a dithiocarbamate salt. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. Mixing amobam with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. 	It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. It is an ammonium salt and a dithiocarbamate salt. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. Mixing amobam with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. of ammonia. 	It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate) and an ammonium. It is an ammonium salt and a dithiocarbamate salt. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. Mixing amobam with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. of ammonia. The molecule is a dithiocarbamate salt resulting from the formal reaction of ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid) with 2 mol eq. 	
It is an aryl sulfide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a triazolopyridazine, a methyl ester and a thiocarbonyl compound. 	It is an aryl sulfide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a triazolopyridazine, a methyl ester and a thiocarbonyl compound. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a herbicide. 	
It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a pyridoisoquinoline. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a pyridoisoquinoline. It has a role as a metabolite and an antileishmanial agent. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a pyridoisoquinoline. It has a role as a metabolite and an antileishmanial agent. It is isolated from Psychotria klugii and exhibits antileishmanial activity. 	
It is a member of xanthenes, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an organofluorine compound, a tricarboxylic acid and a substituted aniline. 	It is a member of xanthenes, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an organofluorine compound, a tricarboxylic acid and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a histological dye, a chelator and a visual indicator. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a benzydamine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a benzydamine(1+). It is a member of indazoles, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. 	
It is a benzenedicarboxamide, an organoiodine compound and a pentol. 	It is a benzenedicarboxamide, an organoiodine compound and a pentol. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It is a member of pyrroles, an aldehyde and an aromatic primary alcohol. 	It is a member of pyrroles, an aldehyde and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cannabidiolate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabidiolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabidiolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a phytocannabinoid, a member of resorcinols, a polyketide and a dihydroxybenzoic acid. 	
It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 	It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent and a fragrance. 	It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent and a fragrance. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid (myristic acid) with methanol. 	
It derives from a nandrolone. 	It derives from a nandrolone. It has a role as an anabolic agent and an androgen. 	
It is a mixture and a morpholine fungicide. 	It is a mixture and a morpholine fungicide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a mixture and a morpholine fungicide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is used as a systemic fungicide used on vines, potatoes, and greenhouse crops; only the Z isomer has fungicidal activity. 	
It is a tautomer of a minocycline zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a minocycline zwitterion. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of a minocycline zwitterion. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an Escherichia coli metabolite. The molecule is a tetracycline analogue having a dimethylamino group at position 7 and lacking the methyl and hydroxy groups at position 5. 	
It is a pyrazolopyrimidine and a nitrile. 	It is a pyrazolopyrimidine and a nitrile. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a central nervous system depressant, a sedative and an anxiolytic drug. 	
It is a tautomer of a guanidinoacetic acid. 	It is a tautomer of a guanidinoacetic acid. The molecule is zwitterionic form of guanidinoacetic acid having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated guanidino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a salicylic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. The molecule is a amidobenzoic acid that consists of salicylic acid bearing an acetamido substituent at position 4. 	
It derives from an aspernigrin A. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from an aspernigrin A. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus niger and several other Aspergillus species. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Juglans sinensis. 	
It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a fungicide and a marine metabolite. 	It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a fungicide and a marine metabolite. It is commonly used as a fungicide and in the preparation of flame retardants. The molecule is a bromophenol that is phenol in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4 and 6 have been replaced by bromines. 	
It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. 	It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. It is used to relieve mild to moderate pain, including headaches, dental pain, osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. 	
It contains a cobalt dinitrate. 	It contains a cobalt dinitrate. It is a hydrate, a cobalt salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 	It contains a cobalt dinitrate. It is a hydrate, a cobalt salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. The molecule is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of cobalt dinitrate. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a taurodeoxycholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a taurodeoxycholate. It derives from a deoxycholic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a taurodeoxycholate. It derives from a deoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a taurodeoxycholate. It derives from a deoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a bile acid taurine conjugate of deoxycholic acid. 	
It derives from a tomatine. 	It derives from a tomatine. It is a glycoside, a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and an alkaloid antibiotic. 	It derives from a tomatine. It is a glycoside, a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and an alkaloid antibiotic. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antifungal agent and a phytotoxin. Found in tomatoes. 	It derives from a tomatine. It is a glycoside, a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and an alkaloid antibiotic. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antifungal agent and a phytotoxin. Found in tomatoes. The molecule is a steroid alkaloid that consists of tomatine which has undergone formal dehydrogenation across positions 5 and 6. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tipiracil(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a tipiracil(1+). It derives from a uracil. 	It is a conjugate base of a tipiracil(1+). It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone, an organochlorine compound, a carboxamidine and a member of pyrrolidines. 	It is a conjugate base of a tipiracil(1+). It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone, an organochlorine compound, a carboxamidine and a member of pyrrolidines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.4.2.4 (thymidine phosphorylase) inhibitor. 	It is a conjugate base of a tipiracil(1+). It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone, an organochlorine compound, a carboxamidine and a member of pyrrolidines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.4.2.4 (thymidine phosphorylase) inhibitor. Used (as the hydrochloride salt) in combination with trifluridine, a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor, for treatment of advanced/relapsed unresectable colorectal cancer. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lysidine monophosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a lysidine monophosphate. 6.2.0). 	It is a conjugate base of a lysidine monophosphate. 6.2.0). Major structure at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an ursolic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an ursolic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an ursolic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Lagerstroemia speciosa and Juglans sinensis. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an ursolic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Lagerstroemia speciosa and Juglans sinensis. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is ursolic acid substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 23. 	
It is a tirucallane triterpenoid, an ether and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a tirucallane triterpenoid, an ether and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a tirucallane triterpenoid, an ether and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem and stem barks of Cornus walteri. 	
It derives from a melatonin. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of tryptamines that is melatonin with a hydroxy group substituent at position 6. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an amidotrizoic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate acid of an amidotrizoic acid anion. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a member of acetamides. 	It is a conjugate acid of an amidotrizoic acid anion. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a member of acetamides. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It derives from a pentalenene. 	It derives from a pentalenene. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an enone, an ether, a tertiary alcohol, a member of styrenes and a cyclic ketone. 	It is an enone, an ether, a tertiary alcohol, a member of styrenes and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an enone, an ether, a tertiary alcohol, a member of styrenes and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite. Isolated from the rootwood of Aeschynomene mimosifolia, it exhibits cytotoxic towards human cancer cell lines. 	
It is an acetylenic compound and a diol. 	It is an acetylenic compound and a diol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. The molecule is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that is arachidonic acid substituted at position 20 by an oxo group. 	
It is a secondary alcohol, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of hydroxyisoflavans. 	It is a secondary alcohol, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of hydroxyisoflavans. The molecule is a member of the class of isoflavans that is isoflavan with hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 7 and 4' and a methoxy group at position 2 (the 3R,4S stereoisomer). 	
It derives from an estrone. 	It derives from an estrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a glucosaminylphosphodolichol. 	
It is a syringomycin and a lipopeptide antibiotic. 	It is a syringomycin and a lipopeptide antibiotic. It has a role as a phytotoxin and an antifungal agent. 	It is a syringomycin and a lipopeptide antibiotic. It has a role as a phytotoxin and an antifungal agent. syringae and exhibits phytotoxic and antifungal properties. 	It is a syringomycin and a lipopeptide antibiotic. It has a role as a phytotoxin and an antifungal agent. syringae and exhibits phytotoxic and antifungal properties. It is isolated from Pseudomonas syringae pv. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. It is isolated from the Australian marine sponge Plakinastrella clathrata. 	
It contains a ceftibuten. 	It contains a ceftibuten. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It contains a ceftibuten. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. The molecule is the dihydrate of ceftibuten. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a scalarane sesterterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Hyrtios erectus and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. 	
It is an organic heterobicyclic compound, a dipeptide, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary carboxamide and a dicarboxylic acid. 	It is an organic heterobicyclic compound, a dipeptide, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary carboxamide and a dicarboxylic acid. It is the active metabolite of the prodrug trandolapril. 	It is an organic heterobicyclic compound, a dipeptide, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary carboxamide and a dicarboxylic acid. It is the active metabolite of the prodrug trandolapril. The molecule is a heterobicyclic compound that is trandolapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding acid group. 	
It is a docosanoid, an organic sulfide, a secondary alcohol, a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. 	It is a docosanoid, an organic sulfide, a secondary alcohol, a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S zwitterion. It derives from an aklavinone. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S zwitterion. It derives from an aklavinone. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline, a member of phenols, a polyketide, a disaccharide derivative, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S zwitterion. It derives from an aklavinone. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline, a member of phenols, a polyketide, a disaccharide derivative, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S zwitterion. It derives from an aklavinone. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline, a member of phenols, a polyketide, a disaccharide derivative, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is an anthracycline antibiotic that is produced by Streptomyces galilaeus and also exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a nematicide. The molecule is a phosphonic ester, an organic phosphonate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 	
It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. 	It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. It is a carbotricyclic compound, a member of phenols and an enone. 	It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. It is a carbotricyclic compound, a member of phenols and an enone. The molecule is a carbotricyclic compound that is funalenone in which the methoxy group at position 2 has been demethylated to the corresponding hydroxy derivative. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as an oxytocic and an abortifacient. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as an oxytocic and an abortifacient. It is used as an abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as an oxytocic and an abortifacient. It is used as an abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. The molecule is prostaglandin F2alpha in which the hydrogen at position 15 is substituted by methyl (S configuration). 	
It is an epoxide, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a methyl ester. 	It is an epoxide, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Dysoxylum lenticellatum. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and an aromatic alcohol. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and an aromatic alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and an aromatic alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from the sea fan derived fungus Aspergillus sydowii. 	
It is a conjugate base of a loracarbef. It has a role as an allergen. 	It is a conjugate base of a loracarbef. It has a role as an allergen. The molecule is the conjugate base of loracarbef. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a vancomycin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a vancomycin. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of vancomycin, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group and protonation of the two amino functions; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide that is (together with pristinamycin IIA) a component of pristinamycin, an oral streptogramin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces pristinaespiralis. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and an oxo carboxylic acid anion. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and an oxo carboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#22. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#22. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion that is the conjugate base of oscr#22, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a furanocoumarin and an olefinic compound. 	It is a furanocoumarin and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of an indene. 	It derives from a hydride of an indene. It derives from a sulindac. 	It derives from a hydride of an indene. It derives from a sulindac. It is an organofluorine compound, a sulfoxide, a carboxylic ester and a nitrate ester. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a metabolite of testosterone in mammals. 	
It derives from a vitexin. 	It derives from a vitexin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an organic heterotetracyclic compound isolated from the stems of Kadsura matsudai. 	
It is an organic cation, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine and an organic hydroxy compound. 	It is an organic cation, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine and an organic hydroxy compound. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of phenols that phenol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. 	
It is a conjugate base of a nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. It is formed in vivo by nucleophilic reaction of peroxynitrite with carbon dioxide, and is an important reactive species in inflammation processes. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. It is formed in vivo by nucleophilic reaction of peroxynitrite with carbon dioxide, and is an important reactive species in inflammation processes. The molecule is a carbon oxoanion that results from the removal of a proton from nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. 	
It contains an ethylmercurithiosalicylate. 	It contains an ethylmercurithiosalicylate. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antifungal drug, an antiseptic drug and a drug allergen. 	It contains an ethylmercurithiosalicylate. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antifungal drug, an antiseptic drug and a drug allergen. The molecule is an alkylmercury compound (approximately 49% mercury by weight) used as an antiseptic and antifungal agent. 	
It derives from a thalidomide. 	It derives from a thalidomide. It is a dicarboximide, a member of isoindoles, a member of piperidones, an enone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	It derives from a thalidomide. It is a dicarboximide, a member of isoindoles, a member of piperidones, an enone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a thalidomide. It is a dicarboximide, a member of isoindoles, a member of piperidones, an enone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. The compound is a hybrid based on the structures of thalidomide and curcumin and has been found to exhibit cytotoxicity against human multiple myeloma cells. 	It derives from a thalidomide. It is a dicarboximide, a member of isoindoles, a member of piperidones, an enone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. The compound is a hybrid based on the structures of thalidomide and curcumin and has been found to exhibit cytotoxicity against human multiple myeloma cells. The molecule is a dicarboximide that is thalidomide substituted at position 5 by an ethenyl group, which in turn is substituted by a feruloyl group at position 2. 	
It is an enal, a monoterpenoid and a polyprenal. 	It is an enal, a monoterpenoid and a polyprenal. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	
It is a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. 	It is a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It is a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It has a broad spectrum of antibacterial activity. 	
It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'woodstain scarlet'. 	
It is a member of triazines, an organochlorine pesticide, a secondary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It is a member of triazines, an organochlorine pesticide, a secondary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a member of triazines, an organochlorine pesticide, a secondary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. A fungicide formerly used to control leaf spots and downy mildew, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. 	
It derives from an apigenin. 	It derives from an apigenin. It is a disaccharide derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. 	It derives from an apigenin. It is a disaccharide derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a carcinogenic agent, a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. 	It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a carcinogenic agent, a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. magnolia. 	It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a carcinogenic agent, a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. magnolia. It occurs in the essential oils of numerous plant species e.g. The molecule is an aromatic hydrocarbon comprising two fused benzene rings. 	
It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 	It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	
It derives from a ferruginol. 	It derives from a ferruginol. It is a meroterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a ferruginol. It is a meroterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a ferruginol. It is a meroterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide, an organobromine compound and a macrocycle. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, an organobromine compound and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, an organobromine compound and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a terpene lactone, a diol and a hexacyclic triterpenoid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a trithiocarbonate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trithiocarbonate. It is a conjugate base of a carbonotrithioic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trithiocarbonate. It is a conjugate base of a carbonotrithioic acid. The molecule is a thiocarbonyl compound. 	
It derives from a methylmalonic acid. 	It derives from a methylmalonic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a fatty amide derived from oleic acid. 	
It has a role as a fertilizer, a herbicide safener, a bleaching agent and a reducing agent. It is used in the leaching of gold and silver, as a fertilizer and as a photographic fixing salt. 	It has a role as a fertilizer, a herbicide safener, a bleaching agent and a reducing agent. It is used in the leaching of gold and silver, as a fertilizer and as a photographic fixing salt. The molecule is an inorganic ammonium salt composed of ammonium and thiosulfate ions in a 2:1 ratio. 	
It is a member of chalcones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in Arabidopsis thaliana. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in Arabidopsis thaliana. The molecule is a guaiacyl lignin that is syringaresinol in which one of the phenolic hydrogens is replaced by a guaiacylglycerol group. 	
It derives from an acetonitrile. 	It derives from an acetonitrile. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a nitrile. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is an aldehyde, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is an aldehyde, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is an aldehyde, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Ganoderma lucidum and Ganoderma pfeifferi, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It is a sesquiterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a sesquiterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an amiloride. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of guanidines, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. 	It derives from an amiloride. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of guanidines, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker. 	It derives from an amiloride. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of guanidines, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker. The molecule is a member of the class of pyrazines that is amiloride in which the primary amino group adjacent to the chloro substiuent has been substituted by a methyl group and a propyl group. 	
It is an organic thiophosphate and a member of pyrimidines. 	It is an organic thiophosphate and a member of pyrimidines. It has a role as an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a nematicide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	It is an organic thiophosphate and a member of pyrimidines. It has a role as an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a nematicide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. The molecule is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is pyrimidine carrying an isopropyl group at position 2, a methyl group at position 6 and a (diethoxyphosphorothioyl)oxy group at position 4. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dibenzofuran. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzofuran. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a member of phenols and an organochlorine compound. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzofuran. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a member of phenols and an organochlorine compound. The molecule is a member of the class of dibenzofurans that is dibenzo[b,d]furan substituted by a chloro group at position 7 and a hydroxy group at position 2. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and a TRPV1 agonist. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and a TRPV1 agonist. It is an agonist of the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1). 	It has a role as a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and a TRPV1 agonist. It is an agonist of the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1). The molecule is a heteropentacyclic compound found in Euphorbia poissonii with molecular formula C36H38O8. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a heterocyclyl sulfate, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a triterpenoid saponin. 	
It derives from a citric acid. 	It derives from a citric acid. It is a tertiary alcohol, a tricarboxylic acid amide, an oxo carboxylic acid and a tricarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a citric acid. It is a tertiary alcohol, a tricarboxylic acid amide, an oxo carboxylic acid and a tricarboxylic acid. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It contains a disodium hydrogenarsenate. 	It contains a disodium hydrogenarsenate. It has a role as a poison. 	It contains a disodium hydrogenarsenate. It has a role as a poison. The molecule is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of disodium hydrogen arsenate. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a trihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 3' and 5' respectively. 	
It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an olefinic compound, a primary alcohol, a diol and a germacrane sesquiterpenoid. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an olefinic compound, a primary alcohol, a diol and a germacrane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an olefinic compound, a primary alcohol, a diol and a germacrane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a germacrane sesquiterpenoid laactone obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of isobutyric acid with the secondary hydroxy group of trihydroxygermaeranolide. 	
It derives from a protoporphyrin. 	It derives from a protoporphyrin. It is a member of protoporphyrins and a dicarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a protoporphyrin. It is a member of protoporphyrins and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent. 	
It is a member of chalcones, a member of catechols and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of catechols and a monomethoxybenzene. Isolated from Caesalpinia sappan, it exhibits neuroprotective and cytoprotective activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pitavastatin. 	It is a conjugate base of a pitavastatin. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of pitavastatin, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 	It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid. 	
It is a member of quinolines, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a member of quinolines, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist. 	It is a member of quinolines, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist. It displays no significant effect on nuclear receptor corepressor (NCoR) binding; moderately decreases SMRT binding to RAR. 	
It is a conjugate base of an ITP. 	It is a conjugate base of an ITP. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an octanoate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an octanoate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of an octanoate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. Octanoic acid is also known as caprylic acid. 	
It is a quaternary ammonium ion, a carboxylic ester, a member of thiophenes and an aromatic ether. 	It is a quaternary ammonium ion, a carboxylic ester, a member of thiophenes and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent and a muscarinic antagonist. 	
It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenylacetic acids. 	It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. A fungal metabolite produced by Colletotrichum gloeosporioides. 	It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. A fungal metabolite produced by Colletotrichum gloeosporioides. The molecule is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid which carries an amino group at position 2 of the phenyl ring. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. The molecule is a triglyceride having stearoyl (octadecanoyl) groups at positions 1 and 3 and a palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) group at position 2. 	
It derives from a reticuline. 	It derives from a reticuline. The molecule is a quaternary ammonium ion obtained by methylation of the tertiary amino function of reticuline. 	
It is a cyclic ketone, an enone and a member of pyridines. 	It is a cyclic ketone, an enone and a member of pyridines. It has a role as a steroid receptor coactivator stimulator and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a cyclic ketone, an enone and a member of pyridines. It has a role as a steroid receptor coactivator stimulator and an antineoplastic agent. It is a potent small molecule stimulator of steroid receptor coactivators (SRCs). 	
It contains an anagrelide. It has a role as an antifibrinolytic drug and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. 	It contains an anagrelide. It has a role as an antifibrinolytic drug and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of anagrelide. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tylosin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tylosin. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of tylosin, obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, a bridged compound and a cyclic ether. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a bridged compound and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a bridged compound and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It derives from a ribitol. 	It derives from a ribitol. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It derives from a geranial. 	It derives from a geranial. It is an aldehyde and an epoxide. 	It derives from a geranial. It is an aldehyde and an epoxide. The molecule is an epoxide resulting from the formal epoxidation of the double bond between positions 2 and 3 of geranial. 	
It derives from a sparteine. 	It derives from a sparteine. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 	It derives from a sparteine. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a sparteine. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of sparteine found in human urine and plasma. 	
It derives from a kynurenic acid. 	It derives from a kynurenic acid. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyquinoline. 	It derives from a kynurenic acid. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyquinoline. The molecule is a hydroxyquinoline that is kynurenic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 7 and 8 are replaced by hydroxy groups. 	
It derives from a vincaleukoblastine. 	It derives from a vincaleukoblastine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a vincaleukoblastine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a vinca alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a primary carboxamide. 	
It is an azaspiro compound, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of indolones. 	It is an azaspiro compound, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of indolones. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	
It is an alkaloid and a macrodiolide. 	It is an alkaloid and a macrodiolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cardiovascular drug. 	It is an alkaloid and a macrodiolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cardiovascular drug. The molecule is an alkaloid that forms a major component of the papaya leaves and has been shown to exhibit cardiovascular effects. 	
It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of pyridines, a member of tetrazoles and a phosphate monoester. 	It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of pyridines, a member of tetrazoles and a phosphate monoester. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and a prodrug. 	It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of pyridines, a member of tetrazoles and a phosphate monoester. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and a prodrug. The molecule is a phosphate monoester resulting from the formal condensation of equimolar amounts of phosphoric acid with the hydroxy group of tedizolid. 	
It is a member of pyrimidoquinolines and a ribitol phosphate. 	It is a member of pyrimidoquinolines and a ribitol phosphate. It has a role as a coenzyme. 	
It is an imidazopyridine, a member of pyrroles, an organobromine compound, an alkaloid and an aromatic amine. 	It is an imidazopyridine, a member of pyrroles, an organobromine compound, an alkaloid and an aromatic amine. It has a role as a metabolite, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis inhibitor. 	It is an imidazopyridine, a member of pyrroles, an organobromine compound, an alkaloid and an aromatic amine. It has a role as a metabolite, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is an alkaloid isolated from a marine sponge Agelas nakamurai and acts as an inhibitor of the matrix metalloproteinases, the key enzymes involved in tumour growth, migration, angiogenesis, invasion and metastasis. 	
It contains a cinanserin(1+). It has a role as an antiviral agent, an EC 3.4.22.69 (SARS coronavirus main proteinase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. 	It contains a cinanserin(1+). It has a role as an antiviral agent, an EC 3.4.22.69 (SARS coronavirus main proteinase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of cinanserin. 	
It derives from an isobutyrate. 	It derives from an isobutyrate. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cedrane. 	It derives from a hydride of a cedrane. It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound and a polycyclic olefin. 	It derives from a hydride of a cedrane. It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound and a polycyclic olefin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cedrane. It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound and a polycyclic olefin. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpene that is cedrane which has a double bond between positions 8 and 9. 	
It is a pyrimidine nucleoside and an aldehyde. 	It is a pyrimidine nucleoside and an aldehyde. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an aminopyridine and an organofluorine compound. 	
It derives from a hydride of a propylbenzene. 	It derives from a hydride of a propylbenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a propylbenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in coffee. 	
It derives from an isoflavone. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen and a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen and a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from the mycelia of the fungus Cordyceps sinensis. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen and a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from the mycelia of the fungus Cordyceps sinensis. The molecule is a methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 and hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 4'. 	
It derives from a triflusulfuron. 	It derives from a triflusulfuron. It has a role as a proherbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. 	It derives from a triflusulfuron. It has a role as a proherbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. A proherbicide for triflusulfuron. 	It derives from a triflusulfuron. It has a role as a proherbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. A proherbicide for triflusulfuron. The molecule is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of triflusulfuron with methanol. 	
It is an alkyl alcohol, a primary alcohol and a pentanol. 	It is an alkyl alcohol, a primary alcohol and a pentanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an alkyl alcohol, a primary alcohol and a pentanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Melicope ptelefolia. 	It is an alkyl alcohol, a primary alcohol and a pentanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Melicope ptelefolia. The molecule is an alkyl alcohol that is pentane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is substituted by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a ketotifen. 	It is a conjugate acid of a ketotifen. The molecule is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the tertiary amino group of ketotifen. 	
It derives from a glutaric acid. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It has been isolated from the extracts of the algae, Chondria armata. 	
It derives from a calcidiol. 	It derives from a calcidiol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It has a role as an animal metabolite. It has been isolated from the sponge, Hyattella species. 	
It derives from a hydride of a squalene. 	It derives from a hydride of a squalene. It is a triterpenoid, a tetrol and a primary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of a squalene. It is a triterpenoid, a tetrol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. 	It derives from a hydride of a squalene. It is a triterpenoid, a tetrol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. It is isolated from Rhus taitensis and has been shown to exhibit antimycobacterial activity. 	It derives from a hydride of a squalene. It is a triterpenoid, a tetrol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. It is isolated from Rhus taitensis and has been shown to exhibit antimycobacterial activity. The molecule is a triterpenoid that is squalene substituted by four hydroxy groups. 	
It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a butenolide and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a butenolide and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a butenolide and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from the stems of Aglaia abbreviata. 	
It is a member of quinolines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes, a statin (synthetic) and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 	It is a member of quinolines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes, a statin (synthetic) and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It has a role as an antioxidant. 	It is a member of quinolines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes, a statin (synthetic) and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It has a role as an antioxidant. Used as its calcium salt for treatment of hypercholesterolemia (elevated levels of cholesterol in the blood) on patients unable to sufficiently lower their cholesterol levels by diet and exercise. 	
It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radioactive tracer. An intravenous radioactive diagnostic agent used (in the form of its chloride salt) as a tracer during positron emission tomography scans to help detect sites of recurrent prostate cancer. 	It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radioactive tracer. An intravenous radioactive diagnostic agent used (in the form of its chloride salt) as a tracer during positron emission tomography scans to help detect sites of recurrent prostate cancer. The molecule is a choline in which one of the methyl carbons is replaced by an (11)C isotope. 	
It is a sulfonamide, a member of thiadiazoles and a sulfonamide antibiotic. 	It is a sulfonamide, a member of thiadiazoles and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin B2. 	It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin B2. The molecule is a prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of prostaglandin B2, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a resorcinol and a propionic acid. 	It derives from a resorcinol and a propionic acid. It is a carboxylic ester and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a resorcinol and a propionic acid. It is a carboxylic ester and a member of phenols. The molecule is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of propionic acid with one of the phenol groups of resorcinol. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitor. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitor. An inibitor of phospholipase C. 	
It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative and a member of dihydrochalcones. 	It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative and a member of dihydrochalcones. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a plant metabolite and a sweetening agent. 	It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative and a member of dihydrochalcones. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a plant metabolite and a sweetening agent. It is found in sweet orange. 	
It is a cinnamate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a resin glycoside, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a dodecanoate ester. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a resin glycoside, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a dodecanoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a resin glycoside, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a dodecanoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. It has been isolated from Ipomoea batatas. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a resin glycoside, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a dodecanoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. It has been isolated from Ipomoea batatas. The molecule is a resin glycoside that is the tetrasaccharide derivative of jalapinolic acid. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of xanthones, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of xanthones, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the marine algicolous fungus Monodictys putredinis, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antiplasmodial drug. Isolated from Artemisia stolonifera and Eupatorium rufescens, it exhibits antineoplastic and antiplasmodial activity. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tenofovir alafenamide. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tenofovir alafenamide. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tenofovir alafenamide. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the exocyclic amino group of tenofovir alafenamide. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a diol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a diol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a diol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stems of Aglaia abbreviata. 	
It has a role as an allergen. 	It has a role as an allergen. Stereoisomer of urushiol III (CHEBI:9909) which has (8E,11E) configuration. 	
It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A14. 	It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A14. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A14. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A14. 	
It derives from a pelargonidin. 	It derives from a pelargonidin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid and a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid and a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a nitro blue tetrazolium(2+). 	It contains a nitro blue tetrazolium(2+). The molecule is an organic chloride salt having nitro blue tetrazolium(2+) as the counterion. 	
It derives from a NADH. 	It derives from a NADH. It is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide and a hemiaminal. 	
It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester and an aryl sulfide. 	It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester and an aryl sulfide. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. 	
It is an amino disaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino disaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It contains a pentamidinium(2+). 	It contains a pentamidinium(2+). It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines, a pyridine alkaloid and a nitrile. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines, a pyridine alkaloid and a nitrile. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin A2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin A2. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a cyclic ketone and a prostaglandins A. 	
It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antiviral agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antiviral agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. It is isolated from fungal strains Phoma and Penicillium and acts as an inhibitor of the enzyme topoisomerase I. 	
It derives from a hydride of a bornane. 	It derives from a hydride of a bornane. It is a member of phenols and a bridged compound. 	It derives from a hydride of a bornane. It is a member of phenols and a bridged compound. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It derives from a hydride of a bornane. It is a member of phenols and a bridged compound. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. A lipophilic antibacterial drug mainly used in spray dosage forms for the local treatment of infection and inflammation of the throat. 	
It contains a dilC18(5)(1+). 	It contains a dilC18(5)(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It contains a dilC18(5)(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a Cy5 dye and an organic perchlorate salt. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a conazole fungicide, a triazole fungicide, a secondary alcohol and a hemiaminal ether. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a conazole fungicide, a triazole fungicide, a secondary alcohol and a hemiaminal ether. A fungicide for cereals, beet and brassicas used to control a range of diseases including powdery mildew, rusts, bunts and smuts. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is the compound from which all steroids are derived. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tetradecasphinganine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tetradecasphinganine. The molecule is a cationic sphingoid that is the conjugate acid of tetradecasphinganine, obtained by protonation of the primary amino function; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a benzylpenicillin. 	It derives from a benzylpenicillin. It is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a random copolymer, an amino acid amide and a polypeptide. 	It derives from a benzylpenicillin. It is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a random copolymer, an amino acid amide and a polypeptide. It has a role as a diagnostic agent. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. The molecule is an organic heterotetracyclic compound isolated from the culture broth of Micromonospora sp. 	
It derives from a hydride of an acridine. 	It derives from a hydride of an acridine. It is a member of acridines, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. 	
It is a benzenediol and a member of hydroquinones. 	It is a benzenediol and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a cofactor, a carcinogenic agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a skin lightening agent, an antioxidant and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a benzenediol and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a cofactor, a carcinogenic agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a skin lightening agent, an antioxidant and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a benzenediol comprising benzene core carrying two hydroxy substituents para to each other. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an amodiaquine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an amodiaquine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of an amodiaquine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group of amodiaquine; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a shikimic acid. 	It derives from a shikimic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a drug metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent and an antidepressant. 	It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a drug metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent and an antidepressant. It is used in making azure eosin stains for blood smear staining and is an active metabolite of methylene blue. 	
It derives from a spheroidene. It is a carotenoid ether, a carotenol and a ketone hydrate. 	It derives from a spheroidene. It is a carotenoid ether, a carotenol and a ketone hydrate. The molecule is a carotenoid ether that is spheroidene carrying two hydroxy groups, both at position 2. 	
It is an organic thiophosphate and a chloropyridine. 	It is an organic thiophosphate and a chloropyridine. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an acaricide and an insecticide. 	
It derives from a menatetrenone. 	It derives from a menatetrenone. It is an epoxide, a member of tetralins, a diketone, an aromatic ketone and an olefinic compound. 	It derives from a menatetrenone. It is an epoxide, a member of tetralins, a diketone, an aromatic ketone and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	
It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. 	It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the herbicide diuron. 	
It is a heme b and a ferriheme. 	It is a heme b and a ferriheme. The molecule is heme b in which the iron has oxidation state +3. 	
It is a piperidinecarboxylate ester and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a piperidinecarboxylate ester and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, an acetate ester and an ether. 	It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, an acetate ester and an ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. 	It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, an acetate ester and an ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic triterpenoid of the isomalabaricane group. 	
It is a carbohydrate derivative, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a polycyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a carbohydrate derivative, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a polycyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. A natural product found in Abacopteris penangiana. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cysteamine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cysteamine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cysteamine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cysteamine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of cysteamine; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a tricyclic diterpenoid. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a tricyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a fungal metabolite. 	
It is a triterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a methyl ester and a dicarboxylic acid monoester. 	It is a triterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a methyl ester and a dicarboxylic acid monoester. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a class I yanuthone and a triol. 	It is a class I yanuthone and a triol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	
It derives from a cysteamine. 	It derives from a cysteamine. It is an organic thiophosphate and a primary amino compound. 	
It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a steroid lactone, a lactol, a tertiary alcohol, a butenolide and a cyclic ether. 	It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a steroid lactone, a lactol, a tertiary alcohol, a butenolide and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a steroid lactone, a lactol, a tertiary alcohol, a butenolide and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a steroid lactone isolated from Elaeodendron tangenala and Elaeodendron glaucum and exhibits antiproliferative activity against A2780 human ovarian cancer cells. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. The molecule is a lysophosphatidylcholine 16:0 in which the acyl group is specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) and is located at position 2. 	
It is a sulfuric ester and an organic sulfate. 	It is a sulfuric ester and an organic sulfate. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. 	
It contains a disodium selenite. 	It contains a disodium selenite. It has a role as a nutraceutical. 	It contains a disodium selenite. It has a role as a nutraceutical. The molecule is a hydrate that is the pentahydrate form of disodium selenite. 	
It derives from a trimethylenediamine. 	It derives from a trimethylenediamine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a biaryl, a member of indoles, a member of methylpyridines, an organofluorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 	It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a biaryl, a member of indoles, a member of methylpyridines, an organofluorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. An orally bioavailable PERK inhibitor. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A25. 	It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A25. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A25. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A25. 	
It derives from a flavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a monohydroxyflavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a monohydroxyflavone. The molecule is a monohydroxyflavone a that is flavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6 and a methoxy group at position 2'. 	
It contains a tamsulosin(1+). 	It contains a tamsulosin(1+). The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tamulosin and hydrogen chloride. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7, 3, 4' and 5'. 	
It derives from a methyl farnesoate. 	It derives from a methyl farnesoate. It is a juvenile hormone, a fatty acid methyl ester and an epoxide. 	It derives from a methyl farnesoate. It is a juvenile hormone, a fatty acid methyl ester and an epoxide. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It derives from a methyl farnesoate. It is a juvenile hormone, a fatty acid methyl ester and an epoxide. It has a role as an animal metabolite. Found in the stink bug, Plautia stali. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lomitapide(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a lomitapide(1+). It is a member of piperidines, a member of fluorenes, a member of benzamides and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	It is a conjugate base of a lomitapide(1+). It is a member of piperidines, a member of fluorenes, a member of benzamides and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug and a MTP inhibitor. 	
It derives from a tyrosine. 	It derives from a tyrosine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a cyclic acetal, an organic peroxide, an artemisinin derivative and a semisynthetic derivative. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a cyclic acetal, an organic peroxide, an artemisinin derivative and a semisynthetic derivative. It has a role as an antimalarial. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a cyclic acetal, an organic peroxide, an artemisinin derivative and a semisynthetic derivative. It has a role as an antimalarial. The molecule is an artemisinin derivative that is artemisinin in which the lactone has been converted to the corresponding lactol methyl ether. 	
It derives from an isoorientin and a ferulic acid. 	It derives from an isoorientin and a ferulic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a ribitol. 	It derives from a ribitol. It is a glycoside and a trisaccharide. 	It derives from a ribitol. It is a glycoside and a trisaccharide. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a vorapaxar. 	It is a conjugate acid of a vorapaxar. The molecule is a pyridinium ion obtained by protonation of the pyridine nitrogen in vorapaxar. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a mandelate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a mandelate. It derives from an acetic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a mandelate. It derives from an acetic acid. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, an odorant receptor agonist, a plant metabolite, an EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, an odorant receptor agonist, a plant metabolite, an EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. The molecule is an arenecarbaldehyde that consists of benzene bearing a single formyl substituent; the simplest aromatic aldehyde and parent of the class of benzaldehydes. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. The molecule is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a methyl and a propyl group at positions 2 and 3 respectively. 	
It is a member of pteridines and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 	It is a member of pteridines and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. The molecule is a member of the class of pteridines that is pteridine in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 7 have been replaed by hydroxy groups. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is an oxazolidinone and a member of morpholines. 	It is an oxazolidinone and a member of morpholines. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It has a role as a keratolytic drug. A systemic keratolytic, it is normally supplied as its hydrate (CHEBI:137471). 	It has a role as a keratolytic drug. A systemic keratolytic, it is normally supplied as its hydrate (CHEBI:137471). The molecule is a hydroxybenzoquinone in which all four protons of the benzoquinone structure are substituted by hydroxy groups. 	
It contains a Methyl violet 2B(1+). 	It contains a Methyl violet 2B(1+). Used in Gram's stain for the demonstration and primary classification of bacteria as well as to demonstrate amyloid. 	It contains a Methyl violet 2B(1+). Used in Gram's stain for the demonstration and primary classification of bacteria as well as to demonstrate amyloid. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining Methyl violet 2B free base with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. 	It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. 	It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. 	
It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of azulenes. 	It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of azulenes. Used (in the form of its sodium salt) for treatment of gastric ulcers. 	It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of azulenes. Used (in the form of its sodium salt) for treatment of gastric ulcers. The molecule is a member of the class of azulenes carrying sulfo, ethyl and isopropyl substituents at positions 1, 3 and 7 respectively. 	
It is an olefinic compound and an aldehyde. 	It is an olefinic compound and an aldehyde. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a human metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	
It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a potassium ionophore and a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a potassium ionophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a potassium ionophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. The molecule is a polyether antibiotic which affects ion transport and ATPase activity in mitochondria. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a member of xanthones. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from the fungus Paecilomyces variotti. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oxyacanthan. It is a macrocycle, a member of isoquinolines, a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oxyacanthan. It is a macrocycle, a member of isoquinolines, a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. The molecule is a macrocycle that is oxyacanthan that is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 6', and 7, methyl groups at positions 2 and 2', and a hydroxy group at the 12' position. 	
It derives from a guanine. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an antimetabolite. 	It derives from a guanine. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an antimetabolite. Used in the treatment of viral infections. 	
It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a metabolite of caffeine and theobromine in animals. 	It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a metabolite of caffeine and theobromine in animals. The molecule is a dimethylxanthine having the two methyl groups located at positions 1 and 7. 	
It is a triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol, an olefinic compound and a diol. 	It is a triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol, an olefinic compound and a diol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Ternstroemia japonica, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
coli strain F470. 	coli strain F470. The unit constitutes one of the two core oligosaccharide structures of enterobacterial lipopolysaccharide obtained from E. 	
It contains a phenazopyridine(1+). 	It contains a phenazopyridine(1+). Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. 	It contains a phenazopyridine(1+). Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. A local anesthetic that has topical analgesic effect on mucosa lining of the urinary tract. 	It contains a phenazopyridine(1+). Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. A local anesthetic that has topical analgesic effect on mucosa lining of the urinary tract. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining phenazopyridine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. The molecule is an azaphilone isolated from Chaetomium globosum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against the brine shrimp (Artemia salina) and Mucor miehei. 	
It has a role as a cofactor. 	It has a role as a cofactor. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a salutaridine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a salutaridine. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a salutaridine. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is the conjugate acid of salutaridine; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a malonate ester. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a malonate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a malonate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. Isolated from the aerial parts of Stemodia foliosa, it exhibits antibacterial activity. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a malonate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. Isolated from the aerial parts of Stemodia foliosa, it exhibits antibacterial activity. The molecule is the malonate ester of a labdane diterpenoid. 	
It derives from a tetracenomycin C. 	It derives from a tetracenomycin C. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. 	
It is a member of coumarins, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of coumarins, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of coumarins, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antibacterial activity. 	
It is a cobalt group element atom and a metal allergen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 	It is a cobalt group element atom and a metal allergen. It has a role as a micronutrient. The molecule is a cobalt group element atom that has atomic number 27. 	
It derives from a ferulic acid. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. The molecule is a cinnamate ester that is the methyl ester of ferulic acid. 	
It contains a neticonazole(1+). 	It contains a neticonazole(1+). It is a hydrochloride, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. 	It contains a neticonazole(1+). It is a hydrochloride, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of neticonazole and hydrogen chloride. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is a fatty nitrile and an olefinic compound. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is a fatty nitrile and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is a fatty nitrile and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a fatty nitrile obtained by formal condensation of oleic acid with ammonia. 	
It derives from a coniferol. 	It derives from a coniferol. It is an acetate ester, a coniferyl ester and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a coniferol. It is an acetate ester, a coniferyl ester and a member of phenols. The molecule is an acetate ester obtained via formal condensation of the allylic hydroxy function of coniferol with acetic acid. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a rolapitant hydrochloride (anhydrous). 	It contains a rolapitant hydrochloride (anhydrous). Used for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. 	It contains a rolapitant hydrochloride (anhydrous). Used for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of rolapitant hydrochloride. 	
It derives from a thymine. 	It derives from a thymine. It is a pyrimidone and a primary alcohol. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a glycolithocholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a glycolithocholate. It derives from a lithocholic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a glycolithocholate. It derives from a lithocholic acid. The molecule is the glycine conjugate of lithocholic acid. 	
It derives from a hydride of a squalene. 	It derives from a hydride of a squalene. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a manganese(II) chloride. 	It contains a manganese(II) chloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a manganese coordination entity. 	It contains a manganese(II) chloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a manganese coordination entity. It has a role as a MRI contrast agent and a nutraceutical. 	It contains a manganese(II) chloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a manganese coordination entity. It has a role as a MRI contrast agent and a nutraceutical. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of manganese(II) chloride. 	
It derives from a methyl linoleate. 	It derives from a methyl linoleate. It is a polyunsaturated fatty ester, a methyl ester and a hydroperoxy fatty ester. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite, a food antioxidant, a food component and an algal metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite, a food antioxidant, a food component and an algal metabolite. It is found particularly in maize (corn) oil and soya bean (soybean) oils. 	
It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 	It derives from a hydride of an estrane. It derives from an estriol. 	
It is a xanthene dye and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a xanthene dye and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a crotonate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a crotonate. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Daucus carota. 	
It derives from a staurosporine. 	It derives from a staurosporine. It is an indolocarbazole, an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a polyether. 	
It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. The molecule is an aliphatic nitrile that is acetonitrile in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. 	
It is an azamacrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a ring assembly. 	It is an azamacrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a ring assembly. The molecule is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of nosiheptide by Streptomyces actuosus It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. The molecule is a glucosinolate that is the conjugate base of indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. 	
It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a muscarinic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. 	It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a muscarinic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. 	
It is a conjugate base of a staphyloferrin B. 	It is a conjugate base of a staphyloferrin B. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group of staphyloferrin B; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a primary alcohol and a fatty alcohol. 	It is a primary alcohol and a fatty alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and a protic solvent. 	
It is a steroid alkaloid, a member of formamides and an enone. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, a member of formamides and an enone. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, a member of formamides and an enone. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antiplasmodial drug. Isolated from Sarcococca hookeriana, it exhibits antiplasmodial activity and inhibitory activity against cholinesterase. 	
It has a role as a mutagen. 	It has a role as a mutagen. The molecule is a naphthalenesulfonic acid and an aminonaphthalene. 	
It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. It is an organic tricyclic compound, an enone and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. It is an organic tricyclic compound, an enone and a member of phenols. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.3 (microbial collagenase) inhibitor and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a phenalene. It is an organic tricyclic compound, an enone and a member of phenols. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.3 (microbial collagenase) inhibitor and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a collagenase inhibitor produced by Aspergillus niger. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methylarsonous acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a methylarsonous acid. The molecule is an arsenic oxoanion obtained deprotonation of both arsenite OH groups of methylarsonous acid. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a steroid saponin isolated from Ornithogalum thyrsoides and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. 	
It derives from a midazolam. 	It derives from a midazolam. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic primary alcohol. 	It derives from a midazolam. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 	It derives from a midazolam. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is the minor metabolite of the anesthetic, midazolam. 	It derives from a midazolam. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is the minor metabolite of the anesthetic, midazolam. The molecule is an imidazobenzodiazepine that is midazolam which is substituted by a hydroxy group at positions 2 and 4. 	
It has a role as an inhibitor. 	It has a role as an inhibitor. It acts as an inhibitor of calmodulin, a calcium binding messenger protein. 	
It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. The major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a fluoride salt and a potassium salt. 	It is a fluoride salt and a potassium salt. It has a role as a poison. 	It is a fluoride salt and a potassium salt. It has a role as a poison. The molecule is a fluoride salt having K+ as the counterion. 	
It is an enamide, a member of phenols, a nitrile, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is an enamide, a member of phenols, a nitrile, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. 	
It derives from a thromboxane B2. 	It derives from a thromboxane B2. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a thromboxane B2. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a thromboxane obtained by formal oxidation of the hemiacetal hydroxy function of thromboxane B2. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the leaves of Rosa laevigata. 	
It is a trihydroxyflavone and an extended flavonoid. 	It is a trihydroxyflavone and an extended flavonoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from an ergothioneine. 	It derives from an ergothioneine. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. 	It derives from an ergothioneine. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. The molecule is an amino acid betaine that is ergothioneine in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur is replaced by a methyl group. 	
It is a benzazepine, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a benzazepine, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. 	
It derives from a succinic acid. 	It derives from a succinic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antifungal agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antifungal agent. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is monosodium salt of eurysterol B sulfonic acid. 	
It derives from a kaempferol. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a monomethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a lactam, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a macrocycle, a semisynthetic derivative and a cyclic ketal. 	It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a lactam, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a macrocycle, a semisynthetic derivative and a cyclic ketal. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug, an orphan drug and an antimicrobial agent. 	It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a lactam, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a macrocycle, a semisynthetic derivative and a cyclic ketal. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug, an orphan drug and an antimicrobial agent. Used in the treatment of traveller's diarrhoea, hepatic encephalopathy and irritable bowel syndrome. 	
It derives from a quercetin. 	It derives from a quercetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a member of flavonols. 	It derives from a quercetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a member of flavonols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin D acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin D acid. It is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion, a monocarboxylic acid anion and a guanidinium ion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin D acid. It is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion, a monocarboxylic acid anion and a guanidinium ion. The molecule is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion which is obtained from streptothricin D by protonation of the guanidino and amino groups and deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. 	
It is a conjugate base of a GS4012 free base(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a GS4012 free base(1+). It is a member of pyridines, a monomethoxybenzene and an aryl sulfide. 	It is a conjugate base of a GS4012 free base(1+). It is a member of pyridines, a monomethoxybenzene and an aryl sulfide. It has a role as a VEGF activator. 	
It contains a formate. 	It contains a formate. It has a role as a buffer and an astringent. 	It contains a formate. It has a role as a buffer and an astringent. The molecule is an organic sodium salt which is the monosodium salt of formic acid. 	
It is a member of thiophenes, an organochlorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of morpholines, a lactam, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a member of thiophenes, an organochlorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of morpholines, a lactam, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor. 	It is a member of thiophenes, an organochlorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of morpholines, a lactam, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor. An anticoagulant used for prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism in patients with knee or hip replacement surgery. 	
It is an imidazopyridine and a sulfoxide. 	It is an imidazopyridine and a sulfoxide. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist. 	It is an imidazopyridine and a sulfoxide. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist. An A1 adenosine receptor antagonist, it was formerly used as a cardiotonic agent. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a histamine. 	It derives from a histamine. It is a member of acetamides and a member of imidazoles. 	It derives from a histamine. It is a member of acetamides and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a xylazine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a xylazine(1+). It is an alpha2 adrenergic receptor agonist and frequently used in veterinary medicine as an emetic and sedative with analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. 	
It derives from an acetylsalicylic acid. 	It derives from an acetylsalicylic acid. The molecule is a member of benzoic acids, a carboxylic ester and a member of salicylates. 	
It has a role as an antigen. 	It has a role as an antigen. The molecule is a glycopeptidolipid antigen from clinically prominent members of the Mycobacterium avium serocomplex. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a member of oxolanes, a diol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a member of oxolanes, a diol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a member of oxolanes, a diol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Aglaia abbreviata. 	
It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a HOTrE. 	It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a HOTrE. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a manzamine A. 	It derives from a manzamine A. The molecule is an alkaloid that is manzamine A with a hydroxy substituent at position 8. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an amino octasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino octasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a tautomer of a cysteine zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a cysteine zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a cysteinium. 	It is a tautomer of a cysteine zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a cysteinium. It contains a sulfanylmethyl group. 	It is a tautomer of a cysteine zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a cysteinium. It contains a sulfanylmethyl group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. 	
It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. 	It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agent. 	It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It has a tetracyclic diterpene glycoside structure. 	It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It has a tetracyclic diterpene glycoside structure. The molecule is an antifungal metabolite of Sordaria araneosa that inhibits protein synthesis. 	
It is a heteroacene, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	It is a heteroacene, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. The molecule is a heteroacene compound consisting of benzothiophene fused to anthracene in a rectilinear arrangement. 	
It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. 	It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase (PPO) inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide against a broad range of weeds in a wide range of crops. 	It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase (PPO) inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide against a broad range of weeds in a wide range of crops. The molecule is a primary amino compound that is aniline in which the phenyl group has been substituted at positions 2, 3, and 6 by chlorine, phenoxy, and nitro groups, respectively. 	
It is a conjugate base of a ferroheme c. 	It is a conjugate base of a ferroheme c. It has a role as a cofactor. 	It is a conjugate base of a ferroheme c. It has a role as a cofactor. The molecule is the cyclic tetrapyrrole anion that is ferroheme c protonated to pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a butoconazole(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a butoconazole(1+). It is a member of imidazoles, an aryl sulfide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. 	It is a conjugate base of a butoconazole(1+). It is a member of imidazoles, an aryl sulfide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. An antifungal agent, it is used as its nitrate salt in gynaecology for treatment of vulvovaginal infections caused by Candida species, particularly Candida albicans. 	
It has a role as an explosive. 	It has a role as an explosive. A uellow crystalline compound that is virtually insoluble in water but dissolves in most organic solvents. The molecule is a dinitrotoluene in which the methyl group is meta to one of the nitro groups and para to the other. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group substituent at position 1. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a chavicol sulfate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chavicol sulfate. It derives from a chavicol. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chavicol sulfate. It derives from a chavicol. It is an aryl sulfate and an olefinic compound. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chavicol sulfate. It derives from a chavicol. It is an aryl sulfate and an olefinic compound. The molecule is an aryl sulfate that is chavicol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It has a role as a TRPV1 agonist, a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and an analgesic. 	It has a role as a TRPV1 agonist, a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and an analgesic. It is an agonist of the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1). 	It has a role as a TRPV1 agonist, a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and an analgesic. It is an agonist of the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1). The molecule is a heteropentacyclic compound found in Euphorbia poissonii with molecular formula C37H40O9. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a glycol in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 1 and 2 of isopentane. 	
It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a cyclic ether, an organochlorine compound, a polyphenol, a peptide antibiotic and an aryl sulfate. 	It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a cyclic ether, an organochlorine compound, a polyphenol, a peptide antibiotic and an aryl sulfate. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a cyclic ether, an organochlorine compound, a polyphenol, a peptide antibiotic and an aryl sulfate. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. The molecule is a cyclic peptide antibiotic produced by a strain of Streptomyces toyocaensis. 	
It has a role as an oxidising agent, an allergen and a sensitiser. 	It has a role as an oxidising agent, an allergen and a sensitiser. The molecule is a potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of dichromic acid. 	
It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. 	It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It derives from an estrone. 	It derives from an estrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an apigenin. 	It derives from an apigenin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an apigenin. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is apigenin with an extra hydroxy group at position 8. 	
It is a conjugate base of a naptalam. 	It is a conjugate base of a naptalam. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of naptalam; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of CMP. 	
It derives from a glycine and a tridecanoic acid. 	It derives from a glycine and a tridecanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, a lactam, an enoate ester and a cyclic ether. 	It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, a lactam, an enoate ester and a cyclic ether. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a marine metabolite. 	
It is a tautomer of a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenphosphite. 	It is a tautomer of a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenphosphite. The molecule is a phosphorus oxoacid. 	
It is a tautomer of a cylindrospermopsin. 	It is a tautomer of a cylindrospermopsin. It has a role as a cyanotoxin. The molecule is a zwitterion resulting from the transfer of a proton from the sulfooxy group to one of the nitrogens of the guanidine group of cylindrospermopsin. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dihydromonacolin L acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a dihydromonacolin L acid. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dihydromonacolin L acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an acylcholine with an acyl group that is hexanoyl. 	
It is a member of xanthones and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of xanthones and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a nerve growth factor stimulator. 	
It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a lactam. 	It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a lactam. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 1.6.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH) inhibitor and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a lactam. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 1.6.* (oxidoreductase acting on NADH or NADPH) inhibitor and an Aspergillus metabolite. An alkaloid isolated from the culture broth of Aspergillus ochraceus, it exhibits potent inhibitory activity towards mitochondrial NADH oxidase. 	
It is a member of heparan sulfates and a member of iduronic acids. 	It is a member of heparan sulfates and a member of iduronic acids. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pentalenate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pentalenate. It derives from a pentalenene. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pentalenate. It derives from a pentalenene. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a member of methamidophos. 	It derives from a member of methamidophos. It is a mixed diacylamine, a phosphoramide, an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 	It derives from a member of methamidophos. It is a mixed diacylamine, a phosphoramide, an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. 	It derives from a member of methamidophos. It is a mixed diacylamine, a phosphoramide, an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. The molecule is a phosphoramide that is methamidophos in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group. 	
It is a member of oxolanes, a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a cyclic ether and a volatile organic compound. 	It is a member of oxolanes, a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a cyclic ether and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. 	It is a member of oxolanes, a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a cyclic ether and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. The molecule is a cyclic ether that is butane in which one hydrogen from each methyl group is substituted by an oxygen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hycanthone(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a hycanthone(1+). It derives from a lucanthone. 	It is a conjugate base of a hycanthone(1+). It derives from a lucanthone. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug and a mutagen. 	It is a conjugate base of a hycanthone(1+). It derives from a lucanthone. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug and a mutagen. mansoni, but due to its toxicity and concern about possible carcinogenicity, it has been replaced by other drugs such as praziquantel. 	It is a conjugate base of a hycanthone(1+). It derives from a lucanthone. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug and a mutagen. mansoni, but due to its toxicity and concern about possible carcinogenicity, it has been replaced by other drugs such as praziquantel. It was formerly used (particularly as the monomethanesulfonic acid salt) as a schistosomicide for individual or mass treatement of infection with Schistosoma haematobium and S. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a quinaldate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a quinaldate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It contains a pipamperone(2+). 	It contains a pipamperone(2+). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and a serotonergic antagonist. 	It contains a pipamperone(2+). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is used as an antipsychotic. 	It contains a pipamperone(2+). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is used as an antipsychotic. of hydrogen chloride. 	It contains a pipamperone(2+). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is used as an antipsychotic. of hydrogen chloride. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of pipamperone with 2 mol eq. 	
It is a conjugate base of a phentermine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a phentermine(1+). It has a role as a dopaminergic agent, an adrenergic agent, a sympathomimetic agent, an appetite depressant, a central nervous system stimulant and a central nervous system drug. 	It is a conjugate base of a phentermine(1+). It has a role as a dopaminergic agent, an adrenergic agent, a sympathomimetic agent, an appetite depressant, a central nervous system stimulant and a central nervous system drug. The molecule is a primary amine. 	
It is a bromoalkane and a bromohydrocarbon. 	It is a bromoalkane and a bromohydrocarbon. It has a role as a flame retardant, a neurotoxin, a persistent organic pollutant and a xenobiotic. 	It is a bromoalkane and a bromohydrocarbon. It has a role as a flame retardant, a neurotoxin, a persistent organic pollutant and a xenobiotic. The molecule is a bromoalkane consisting of cyclododecane bearing six bromo substituents at positions 1, 2, 5, 6, 9 and 10. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an isoursodeoxycholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an isoursodeoxycholate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a decyl hydrogen sulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of a decyl hydrogen sulfate. It has a role as a kairomone, a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a decyl hydrogen sulfate. It has a role as a kairomone, a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a marine metabolite. Isolated from Daphnia pulex, it induces morphological changes of phytoplankton Scenedesmus gutwinskii. 	It is a conjugate base of a decyl hydrogen sulfate. It has a role as a kairomone, a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a marine metabolite. Isolated from Daphnia pulex, it induces morphological changes of phytoplankton Scenedesmus gutwinskii. The molecule is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of decyl hydrogen sulfate. 	
It is a quinoline alkaloid, a member of quinolines and a dihydroxyquinoline. 	It is a quinoline alkaloid, a member of quinolines and a dihydroxyquinoline. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a quinoline alkaloid, a member of quinolines and a dihydroxyquinoline. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the centipede Scolopendra subspinipes, it exhibits cytotoxic activity against human tumour cell lines. 	It is a quinoline alkaloid, a member of quinolines and a dihydroxyquinoline. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the centipede Scolopendra subspinipes, it exhibits cytotoxic activity against human tumour cell lines. The molecule is a dihydroxyquinoline that is quinoline substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 8. 	
It is a conjugate base of a clomipramine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a clomipramine(1+). It derives from an imipramine. 	
It is a type A lantibiotic and a macrocycle. 	It is a type A lantibiotic and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is an organic thiophosphate, a glycerophospholipid and an ether lipid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is an organic thiophosphate, a glycerophospholipid and an ether lipid. It has a role as a lysophosphatidic acid receptor 3 agonist. 	
It is a hydroxydocosapentaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. 	It is a hydroxydocosapentaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. An intermediate of specialised proresolving mediators It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydantoin. 	It derives from a hydantoin. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a dichlorobenzene, a glycine derivative and a member of boronic acids. 	It is a member of benzamides, a dichlorobenzene, a glycine derivative and a member of boronic acids. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an orphan drug, a proteasome inhibitor, a drug metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of benzamides, a dichlorobenzene, a glycine derivative and a member of boronic acids. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an orphan drug, a proteasome inhibitor, a drug metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The active metabolite of ixazomib citrate, it is used in combination therapy for treatment of multiple myeloma. 	
It is a member of indazoles, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of indazoles, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist and an antiemetic. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a dicarboximide, a pyrrolidinone, a diterpene alkaloid and a benzoate ester. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a dicarboximide, a pyrrolidinone, a diterpene alkaloid and a benzoate ester. The molecule is a diterpene alkaloid isolated from Delphinium shawurense. 	
It is a benzenedicarboxamide and an organoiodine compound. 	It is a benzenedicarboxamide and an organoiodine compound. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It has a role as a cofactor. 	It has a role as a cofactor. The molecule is a thiol and a phosphopantetheine. 	
It derives from a leukotriene B4. 	It derives from a leukotriene B4. The molecule is a member of the class of leukotrienes that is leukotriene B4 in which the hydroxy group at position 12 has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone and the methyl group at position 20 replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a tautomer of a cystine. 	It is a tautomer of a cystine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of a cystine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is an amino acid zwitterion that is the tautomer of cystine. 	
It contains a raloxifene(1+). 	It contains a raloxifene(1+). It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an estrogen antagonist and an estrogen receptor modulator. 	It contains a raloxifene(1+). It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an estrogen antagonist and an estrogen receptor modulator. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of raloxifene and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a nitroso compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. 	It is a nitroso compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor. 	It is a nitroso compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor. It is a nitric oxide donor. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus taichungensis. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an ethoxide. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ethoxide. It is a primary alcohol, an alkyl alcohol, a volatile organic compound and a member of ethanols. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ethoxide. It is a primary alcohol, an alkyl alcohol, a volatile organic compound and a member of ethanols. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a polar solvent, a neurotoxin, a central nervous system depressant, a teratogenic agent, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a protein kinase C agonist, a disinfectant, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ethoxide. It is a primary alcohol, an alkyl alcohol, a volatile organic compound and a member of ethanols. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a polar solvent, a neurotoxin, a central nervous system depressant, a teratogenic agent, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a protein kinase C agonist, a disinfectant, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a primary alcohol that is ethane in which one of the hydrogens is substituted by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 	
It contains a RS 39604(1+). 	It contains a RS 39604(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. 	It contains a RS 39604(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. The ketone group gives RS 39604 a relatively long half life; it is also orally active and so suitable for in vivo studies. 	It contains a RS 39604(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. The ketone group gives RS 39604 a relatively long half life; it is also orally active and so suitable for in vivo studies. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt obtained by mixing equimolar amounts of RS 39604 with hydrochloric acid. 	
It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 	It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an abnormal metabolite of the tyrosine metabolic pathway and a marker for type 1 tyrosinaemia. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an abnormal metabolite of the tyrosine metabolic pathway and a marker for type 1 tyrosinaemia. The molecule is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is heptanoic acid in which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6. 	
It is a carbohydrate acid derivative and a ketoaldonic acid phosphate. 	It is a carbohydrate acid derivative and a ketoaldonic acid phosphate. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. 	It has a role as a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. The molecule is a pyridazinone, an organochlorine insecticide and an organochlorine acaricide. 	
It derives from an ATP. 	It derives from an ATP. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a polycyclic ether and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	It is a polycyclic ether and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a perchlorometallate anion and a ruthenium coordination entity. 	It is a perchlorometallate anion and a ruthenium coordination entity. The molecule is a perchlorometallate anion having six chlorines and ruthenium(IV) as the metal component. 	
It is a member of coumarins, an enoate ester and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of coumarins, an enoate ester and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. 	It is a member of coumarins, an enoate ester and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. The molecule is a member of the class of coumarins that consists of coumarin substituted by a senecioyloxymethyl group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7. 	
It is an aromatic amide, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is an aromatic amide, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a metabolite of the herbicide flufenacet. 	
It is a natural product fundamental parent, a member of cephams and a saturated organic heterobicyclic parent. 	It is a natural product fundamental parent, a member of cephams and a saturated organic heterobicyclic parent. The parent of the class of cephams. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a diterpene lactone isolated from the whole plants of Ajuga ciliata. 	
It derives from a butyric acid. 	It derives from a butyric acid. It is a member of piperidones, an aminopiperidine, a hydroxypiperidine and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It derives from a licoricidin. 	It derives from a licoricidin. It is an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. 	It derives from a licoricidin. It is an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a licoricidin. It is an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antibacterial activity. 	
It is a member of naphthols, a member of azobenzenes, a member of acetamides and an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid. 	It is a member of naphthols, a member of azobenzenes, a member of acetamides and an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 	It is a member of naphthols, a member of azobenzenes, a member of acetamides and an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'lissamine fast red'. 	
It is a member of tetralins, a ring assembly, a secondary alcohol and a cyclic ketone. 	It is a member of tetralins, a ring assembly, a secondary alcohol and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of tetralins, a ring assembly, a secondary alcohol and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. 	
It derives from a hydride of an abietane. 	It derives from a hydride of an abietane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an abietane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a diterpene that is abietane having three double bonds located at positions 8, 11 and 13. 	
It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. 	It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the roots of Muntingia calabura, it exhibts anticancer activity. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin E1. 	It derives from a prostaglandin E1. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a metabolite. 	
It is a butenolide and a polyphenol. 	It is a butenolide and a polyphenol. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is a butenolide and a polyphenol. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Penicillium species. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an avicide and a nematicide. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an avicide and a nematicide. The molecule is an organic thiophosphate, a sulfoxide and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 	
It is a benzoate ester, a member of resorcinols, a dimethoxybenzene and a methyl ester. 	It is a benzoate ester, a member of resorcinols, a dimethoxybenzene and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is a benzoate ester, a member of resorcinols, a dimethoxybenzene and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Vaccinium ashei, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the roots of Cynanchum auriculatum and displays antineoplastic activity. 	
It is an organofluorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a sulfonamide. 	It is an organofluorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a sulfonamide. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	
It derives from a daidzein. 	It derives from a daidzein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an azabicycloalkane and a dichlorophenyl dicarboximide fungicide. 	It is an azabicycloalkane and a dichlorophenyl dicarboximide fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	
It derives from an adenine. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a oxopurine that is adenine bearing a single oxo substituent at position 8. 	
It derives from an angelic acid. 	It derives from an angelic acid. It is an aromatic ether, a lignan, a fatty acid ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. 	It derives from an angelic acid. It is an aromatic ether, a lignan, a fatty acid ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. The molecule is a lignan with a dibenzocyclooctadiene skeleton attached to a fatty acid ester side chain. 	
It contains a triplatin(4+). 	It contains a triplatin(4+). It is a platinum coordination entity and an organic nitrate salt. 	It contains a triplatin(4+). It is a platinum coordination entity and an organic nitrate salt. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains a triplatin(4+). It is a platinum coordination entity and an organic nitrate salt. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a trinuclear platinum coordination entity that is the tetranitrate salt of triplatin. 	
It derives from a lyciumoside IV. 	It derives from a lyciumoside IV. It is a disaccharide derivative and a diterpene glycoside. 	It derives from a lyciumoside IV. It is a disaccharide derivative and a diterpene glycoside. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a sorgoleone. 	It is a conjugate base of a sorgoleone. The major form of sorgoleone at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a sorgoleone. The major form of sorgoleone at pH 7.3. The molecule is an organic anion which is obtained by removal of a proton from the hydroxy group of sorgoleone. 	
It contains a member of sulfacetamide sodium anhydrous. 	It contains a member of sulfacetamide sodium anhydrous. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. 	It contains a member of sulfacetamide sodium anhydrous. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent and an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor. 	It contains a member of sulfacetamide sodium anhydrous. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent and an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is the monohydrate form of sulfacetamide sodium. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. It exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. It exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. The molecule is a quassinoid isolated from Quassia indica and Samadera madagascariensis. 	
It derives from a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a chromenol, a polyphenol and an aromatic ketone. 	
It derives from a perfluorooctane and an octanoic acid. 	It derives from a perfluorooctane and an octanoic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a carcinogenic agent, a surfactant and an endocrine disruptor. 	It derives from a perfluorooctane and an octanoic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a carcinogenic agent, a surfactant and an endocrine disruptor. The molecule is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated octanoic acid. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an octadecadienoic acid containing two E (trans) double bonds at positions 9 and 12. 	
It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a uroporphyrinogen. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the marine sponge Melophlus sarasinorum and other species of genus Melophlus, it exhibits cytotoxicity against murine leukemia cell line. 	
It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. 	It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It has been isolated from the bark of Australian magnolias. 	
It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a sulfonamide and a member of benzoic acids. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a sulfonamide and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as an allergen. 	
It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 	It derives from a palmitoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an asperentin. It is a member of isocoumarins, a member of pyrans and a member of resorcinols. 	It derives from an asperentin. It is a member of isocoumarins, a member of pyrans and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It derives from an asperentin. It is a member of isocoumarins, a member of pyrans and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum and Aspergillus flavus. 	It derives from an asperentin. It is a member of isocoumarins, a member of pyrans and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum and Aspergillus flavus. The molecule is a member of the class of isocoumarins that is asperentin substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 5'. 	
It derives from an ascr#24. 	It derives from an ascr#24. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It derives from an ascr#24. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It has a role as a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. 	It has a role as a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. The molecule is an organic sodium salt which is the disodium salt of dexamethasone phosphate. 	
It derives from a hesperetin. 	It derives from a hesperetin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It was formerly used as a food colourant (E161d), but approval for this purpose has been withdrawn throughout the European Union. 	It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It was formerly used as a food colourant (E161d), but approval for this purpose has been withdrawn throughout the European Union. The molecule is a carotenol that is a natural xanthophyll pigment. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a lactate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a lactate. It has a role as a food acidity regulator. 	
It derives from an isoflavanone. 	It derives from an isoflavanone. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. 	It derives from an isoflavanone. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an isoflavanone. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 2' and a methoxy group at position 4' respectively. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It has been isolated from Podocarpus latifolius. 	
It derives from a hydrangenol. 	It derives from a hydrangenol. It is a member of dihydroisocoumarins, a disaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a hydrangenol. It is a member of dihydroisocoumarins, a disaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydrangenol. It is a member of dihydroisocoumarins, a disaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica. 	
It is a member of benzophenones, a polyphenol and a bridged compound. 	It is a member of benzophenones, a polyphenol and a bridged compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antileishmanial agent and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. 	It is a member of benzophenones, a polyphenol and a bridged compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antileishmanial agent and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. The molecule is a member of the class of benzophenones isolated from the stem bark of Allanblackia stuhlmannii and has been shown to exhibit antileishmanial and anticholinesterase activity. 	
It derives from an aminocyclopyrachlor. 	It derives from an aminocyclopyrachlor. It is a pyrimidinecarboxylate ester, a primary amino compound, an organochlorine pesticide and a methyl ester. 	It derives from an aminocyclopyrachlor. It is a pyrimidinecarboxylate ester, a primary amino compound, an organochlorine pesticide and a methyl ester. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. 	It derives from an aminocyclopyrachlor. It is a pyrimidinecarboxylate ester, a primary amino compound, an organochlorine pesticide and a methyl ester. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. The molecule is a pyrimidinecarboxylate ester that is the methyl ester of aminocyclopyrachlor. 	
It has a role as a plasticiser. 	It has a role as a plasticiser. It is used as a plasticiser in the preparation of various polymers. 	
It has a role as a neuropeptide FF receptor antagonist, a neuropeptide FF receptor agonist and a kisspeptin receptor agonist. 	It has a role as a neuropeptide FF receptor antagonist, a neuropeptide FF receptor agonist and a kisspeptin receptor agonist. It has been reported to be a potent and selective antagonist of neuropeptide FF (NPFF) receptors, but more recently found to be an agonist at both NPFF1R and the kisspeptin receptor (KISS1R). 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a diol. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a diol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a diol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C30H48O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii and Tripterygium hypoglaucum. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from an imidapril. 	It derives from an imidapril. It is the active metabolite of imidapril used to treat hypertension. 	It derives from an imidapril. It is the active metabolite of imidapril used to treat hypertension. The molecule is a member of the class of imidazolidines that is imidapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding acid group. 	
It derives from a sulochrin. 	It derives from a sulochrin. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. 	It derives from a sulochrin. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a sulochrin. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is isolated from several Aspergillus species. 	It derives from a sulochrin. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is isolated from several Aspergillus species. The molecule is a member of the class of benzophenones that is sulochrin in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are substituted by chloro groups. 	
It is a conjugate base of a guanadrel(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a guanadrel(1+). It is a member of guanidines and a spiroketal. 	It is a conjugate base of a guanadrel(1+). It is a member of guanidines and a spiroketal. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an adrenergic antagonist. 	It is a conjugate base of a guanadrel(1+). It is a member of guanidines and a spiroketal. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an adrenergic antagonist. A postganglionic adrenergic blocking agent formerly used (generally as the sulfate salt) for the management of hypertension, it has been largely superseded by other drugs less likely to cause orthostatic hypotension (dizzy spells on standing up or stretching). 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from Artemisia iwayomogi and Tanacetum cilicicum, it acts as an inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from Artemisia iwayomogi and Tanacetum cilicicum, it acts as an inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase. The molecule is a sesquiterpene lactone that is isosecotanapartholide in which the hydroxy group at position 3 is replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a pyrrolidinone and a BODIPY dye. 	
It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a peptide antibiotic and a macrocycle. 	It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a peptide antibiotic and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a pyrimidotriazine and a carbonyl compound. 	It is a pyrimidotriazine and a carbonyl compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is an inorganic chloride and a zinc molecular entity. 	It is an inorganic chloride and a zinc molecular entity. It exists in four crystalline forms, in each of which the Zn(2+) ions are trigonal planar coordinated to four chloride ions. 	It is an inorganic chloride and a zinc molecular entity. It exists in four crystalline forms, in each of which the Zn(2+) ions are trigonal planar coordinated to four chloride ions. The molecule is a compound of zinc and chloride ions in the ratio 1:2. 	
It is a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a member of xanthones. 	It is a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a member of xanthones. It is isolated from Cratoxylum Sumatranum and exhibits cytotoxicity towards the KB (human oral epidermoid) cancer cell line It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from an oleic acid and a linoleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid and a linoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. Isolated from Grevillea, it exhibits antimalarial activity. 	
It contains a hydrogencarbonate. 	It contains a hydrogencarbonate. It is a potassium salt and an organic salt. 	It contains a hydrogencarbonate. It is a potassium salt and an organic salt. It has a role as a food acidity regulator, a raising agent, a buffer and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It contains a hydrogencarbonate. It is a potassium salt and an organic salt. It has a role as a food acidity regulator, a raising agent, a buffer and an antifungal agrochemical. It has fungicidal properties and is used in organic farming for the control of powdery mildew and apple scab. 	It contains a hydrogencarbonate. It is a potassium salt and an organic salt. It has a role as a food acidity regulator, a raising agent, a buffer and an antifungal agrochemical. It has fungicidal properties and is used in organic farming for the control of powdery mildew and apple scab. The molecule is a potassium salt that is the monopotassium salt of carbonic acid. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a thyroid hormone, a human metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. 	It has a role as a thyroid hormone, a human metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is thyroacetic acid carrying four iodo substituents at positions 3, 3', 5 and 5'. 	
It is a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a neolignan and a member of phenols. 	It is a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a neolignan and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a neolignan and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a neolignan isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. 	
It derives from a glutaric acid. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an organic phosphonate and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an organic phosphonate and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an epitope. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an organic phosphonate and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an epitope. The molecule is an optically active monocarboxylic acid also having amide and phosphonate functional groups. 	
It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a member of phenols and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 	It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a member of phenols and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a cysteine protease inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a member of phenols and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a cysteine protease inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Penicillium citrinum, it acts as a potent inhibitor of cysteine protease. 	
It is a carbohydrate sulfonate and a carbohydrate acid derivative. 	It is a carbohydrate sulfonate and a carbohydrate acid derivative. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a mupirocin. 	It is a conjugate base of a mupirocin. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of mupirocin obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group; major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a GS4012 free base. 	It is a conjugate acid of a GS4012 free base. The molecule is a pyridinium ion obtained by protonation of the pyridine nitrogen of GS4012 free base. 	
It is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid that is stearic acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 12. 	
It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol, an aromatic ketone, a member of oxolanes and a member of guaiacols. 	It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol, an aromatic ketone, a member of oxolanes and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol, an aromatic ketone, a member of oxolanes and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. 	
It is a pyrazinopyridoindole and a member of benzodioxoles. 	It is a pyrazinopyridoindole and a member of benzodioxoles. A phosphodiesterase V inhibitor inhibitor, currently marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction under the name Cialis; and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 	
It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. The configuration at positions 2 and 6 is unknown or unspecified. 	
It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an organic sulfide and a nitrile. 	It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an organic sulfide and a nitrile. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an organic sulfide and a nitrile. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical fipronil. 	
It derives from a hydride of a triacontane. 	It derives from a hydride of a triacontane. The molecule is a glycol that is triacontane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tetradecasphinganine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a tetradecasphinganine(1+). The molecule is a sphingoid obtained by formal hydrogenation of the C=C bond of tetradecasphingosine It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an alverine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an alverine. The molecule is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the nitrogen of alvarine. 	
It derives from a fingolimod. 	It derives from a fingolimod. It is a monoalkyl phosphate, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. 	It derives from a fingolimod. It is a monoalkyl phosphate, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It is the active metabolite of fingolimod. 	It derives from a fingolimod. It is a monoalkyl phosphate, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It is the active metabolite of fingolimod. The molecule is a primary amino compound that is fingolimod in which one on the hydroxy groups has been converted into its dihydrogen phosphate derivative. 	
It derives from an aspartic acid and a leucine. 	It derives from an aspartic acid and a leucine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a member of oxanes, a macrolide antibiotic and a cyclic hemiketal. 	It is a member of oxanes, a macrolide antibiotic and a cyclic hemiketal. The molecule is the most used of the bafilomycins, a family of toxic macrolide antibiotics derived from Streptomyces griseus. 	
It is an acetate ester, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid, a macrolide, a pyridine alkaloid and a sesquiterpene alkaloid. 	It is an acetate ester, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid, a macrolide, a pyridine alkaloid and a sesquiterpene alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an acetate ester, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid, a macrolide, a pyridine alkaloid and a sesquiterpene alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpene alkaloid that is isolated from Euonymus Sieboldiana. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C29H38O4, originally isolated from the root bark of Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It is a conjugate base of an acebutolol(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of an acebutolol(1+). It is a member of ethanolamines, a propanolamine, a secondary amino compound, an ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. 	
It derives from a kanamycin A. 	It derives from a kanamycin A. The molecule is a kanamycin obtained by dehydrogenation at position 2' of kanamycin A. 	
It contains a demeclocycline. 	It contains a demeclocycline. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It contains a demeclocycline. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. A tetracycline antibiotic, it is used (mainly as the hydrochloride) for the treatment of Lyme disease, acne and bronchitis, as well as for hyponatraemia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 	It contains a demeclocycline. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. A tetracycline antibiotic, it is used (mainly as the hydrochloride) for the treatment of Lyme disease, acne and bronchitis, as well as for hyponatraemia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of demeclocycline. 	
It derives from an estradiol. 	It derives from an estradiol. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a progesterone receptor modulator. 	It derives from an estradiol. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a progesterone receptor modulator. A selective progesterone receptor modulator, which is employed as an emergency contraceptive. 	
It is a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. 	It is a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Cratoxylum cochinchinense, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It derives from a Pretetramid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a Pretetramid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of pretetramides in which the only additional substituent is a methyl group at position 6. 	
It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It interacts with bacteria during cell division and is targeted by various drugs to prevent nucleic acid synthesis. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It interacts with bacteria during cell division and is targeted by various drugs to prevent nucleic acid synthesis. The molecule is a folic acid derivative acted upon by dihydrofolate reductase to produce tetrahydrofolic acid. 	
It derives from a nodakenetin. 	It derives from a nodakenetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a P450 inhibitor and an antioxidant. 	
It contains a phenylhydrazine. 	It contains a phenylhydrazine. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of phenylhydrazine and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic ether. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and a GABA antagonist. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and a GABA antagonist. It is isolated from Sarocladium strictum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against GABA receptor. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and a GABA antagonist. It is isolated from Sarocladium strictum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against GABA receptor. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid based on a humulene skeleton. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methylammonium. 	It is a conjugate base of a methylammonium. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a methylammonium. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is the simplest of the methylamines, consisting of ammonia bearing a single methyl substituent. 	
It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 	It derives from a salicylaldehyde. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of phenols. 	
It is a tautomer of a nocardicin C dizwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a nocardicin C dizwitterion. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of a nocardicin C dizwitterion. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. tsuyamanensis. 	It is a tautomer of a nocardicin C dizwitterion. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. tsuyamanensis. The molecule is a monobactam that is produced by Nocardia uniformis subsp. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a member of phenols and a cyclic ketone. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a member of phenols and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a member of phenols and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a cyclic ketone isolated from the bark of Morella species and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity against cancer cells. 	
It is a conjugate base of an UTP. 	It is a conjugate base of an UTP. The molecule is trianion of UTP arising from deprotonation of three of the OH groups from the triphosphate moiety. 	
It is a primary alcohol and a member of furans. 	It is a primary alcohol and a member of furans. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. 	
It has a role as an inhibitor, an excipient, a surfactant and an apoptosis inducer. 	It has a role as an inhibitor, an excipient, a surfactant and an apoptosis inducer. A nonionic liquic polymer, it inhibits lipoprotein lipase and hence clearance of triglyceride from the plasma, so is used to induce hyperlipidaemia in test animals. 	
It derives from an androsterone. 	It derives from an androsterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a strychnine(1+). 	It contains a strychnine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. 	It contains a strychnine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. It has a role as an avicide, a cholinergic antagonist, a glycine receptor antagonist, a rodenticide and a neurotransmitter agent. 	It contains a strychnine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. It has a role as an avicide, a cholinergic antagonist, a glycine receptor antagonist, a rodenticide and a neurotransmitter agent. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining strychnine with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. 	
It is an inorganic peroxide and a member of reactive oxygen species. 	It is an inorganic peroxide and a member of reactive oxygen species. It has a role as an oxidising agent, a disinfectant, an explosive, an antimicrobial agent, a cofactor, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a GABA antagonist, a neurotoxin, a genotoxin, a biomarker, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a bleaching agent and an emetic. 	
It derives from a nicotinamide. 	It derives from a nicotinamide. It is a pyridinecarboxamide and a nitrate ester. 	It derives from a nicotinamide. It is a pyridinecarboxamide and a nitrate ester. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a potassium channel opener. 	
It is an acyldolichol and a hexadecanoate ester. 	It is an acyldolichol and a hexadecanoate ester. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. 	It is an acyldolichol and a hexadecanoate ester. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. The molecule is an acyldolichol obtained by formal condensation of the hydroxy group of dolichol with the carboxy group of palmitic (hexadecanoic) acid. 	
It is an isocyanide, a member of acetamides and an olefinic compound. 	It is an isocyanide, a member of acetamides and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. 	
It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a nitrile, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a sulfone. 	It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a nitrile, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a sulfone. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a nitrile, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a sulfone. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical fipronil. 	
It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. 	It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. Centrally active following systemic administration. 	
It is an inorganic sodium salt and an iodide salt. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and an iodide salt. The molecule is a metal iodide salt with a Na(+) counterion. 	
It derives from a terphenyllin. 	It derives from a terphenyllin. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a terphenyllin. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus taichungensis. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a glycine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a glycine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. 	
It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methoxy mycolate. 	It is a conjugate base of a methoxy mycolate. It has a role as an epitope and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a methoxy mycolate. It has a role as an epitope and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a mycolic acid produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 	
It derives from a sterigmatocystin. 	It derives from a sterigmatocystin. It is a member of sterigmatocystins and a cyclic acetal. 	It derives from a sterigmatocystin. It is a member of sterigmatocystins and a cyclic acetal. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
Note thet the structure shown and its molfile represent only one of the possible substitution patterns. 	Note thet the structure shown and its molfile represent only one of the possible substitution patterns. The molecule is a branched polysaccharide acid oxoanion comprised of an octasaccharide repeating unit consisting of a backbone of two glucose and two glucuronic acid residues, and a side chain of three glucose and one galactose residues. 	
It derives from a hydrazine. 	It derives from a hydrazine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent and a fuel. 	It derives from a hydrazine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent and a fuel. The molecule is a member of the class of hydrazines that is hydrazine substituted by two methyl groups at position 1. 	
It is an ergostanoid and a member of ureas. 	It is an ergostanoid and a member of ureas. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is an ergostanoid and a member of ureas. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. Isolated from the fruit bodies of the fungus Chlorophyllum molybdites, it exhibits cytotoxicity against Kato III cells. 	
It derives from a tabersonine. 	It derives from a tabersonine. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the leaves of Picramnia sellowii and Picramnia latifolia plants. 	
It derives from a furan. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and a volatile organic compound. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance, a Maillard reaction product and a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance, a Maillard reaction product and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of furans that is furan in which the hydrogen atom at position 2 has been replaced by an ethyl group. 	
It is a carbopolycyclic compound, an enone, a cyclic ketone, an arenecarbaldehyde, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. 	It is a carbopolycyclic compound, an enone, a cyclic ketone, an arenecarbaldehyde, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. The molecule is a carbopolycyclic compound with formula C29H36O6, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It derives from a quercetin. 	It derives from a quercetin. It is a dimethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a quercetin. It is a dimethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a quercetin. It is a dimethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a dimethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy groups at the 3' and 7 positions have been replaced by methoxy groups. 	
It is a tautomer of a guanidinoethyl methyl phosphate. 	It is a tautomer of a guanidinoethyl methyl phosphate. The molecule is zwitterionic form of guanidinoethyl methyl phosphate arising from transfer of a proton from the phospho to the guanidino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxo carboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It is an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a trithionic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a trithionic acid. The molecule is a sulfur oxoanion. 	
It contains a malachite green isothiocyanate cation. 	It contains a malachite green isothiocyanate cation. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It contains a malachite green isothiocyanate cation. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organic perchlorate salt. 	
It derives from a gentiobiose. 	It derives from a gentiobiose. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. 	
It is a beryllium molecular entity and a fluoride salt. 	It is a beryllium molecular entity and a fluoride salt. In protein crystallography it is used as a mimic of phosphate. 	It is a beryllium molecular entity and a fluoride salt. In protein crystallography it is used as a mimic of phosphate. As a gas it adopts a linear triatomic structure and in the liquid state a fluctuating tetrahedral structure. 	It is a beryllium molecular entity and a fluoride salt. In protein crystallography it is used as a mimic of phosphate. As a gas it adopts a linear triatomic structure and in the liquid state a fluctuating tetrahedral structure. The molecule is the fluoride salt of beryllium (+2 oxidation state). 	
It is a sesquarterpene and a polyene. 	It is a sesquarterpene and a polyene. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a tetrol, a primary allylic alcohol and an alicyclic compound. 	It is a tetrol, a primary allylic alcohol and an alicyclic compound. It has a role as a sedative and a plant metabolite. 	
It is an amino acid ester, a tertiary amino compound and an ethyl ester. 	It is an amino acid ester, a tertiary amino compound and an ethyl ester. It has four possible diastereoisomers; the opioid analgesic drug tilidine is a racemate comprising the two trans diastereoisomers. 	
It is an organic disulfide, a pyrazinoindole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a dipeptide. 	It is an organic disulfide, a pyrazinoindole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a dipeptide. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an immunosuppressive agent, an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor, a proteasome inhibitor and an antifungal agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cerebronic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a cerebronic acid. It derives from a tetracosanoate. 	
It is an organochlorine compound and a cyclic ketone. 	It is an organochlorine compound and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant and an insecticide. The molecule is an organochlorine compound with insecticidal activity. 	
It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. 	It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. Used for maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 	It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. Used for maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of tiotropium bromide. 	
It is an acetate ester, a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a steroid lactone. 	It is an acetate ester, a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a steroid lactone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an acetate ester, a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a steroid lactone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a steroid lactone isolated from Elaeodendron tangenala and exhibits antiproliferative activity against A2780 human ovarian cancer cells. 	
It is a monohydroxyflavone and a tetramethoxyflavone. 	It is a monohydroxyflavone and a tetramethoxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It is a monohydroxyflavone and a tetramethoxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. Isolated from Calliandra californica, it exhibits antibacterial activity. 	It is a monohydroxyflavone and a tetramethoxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. Isolated from Calliandra californica, it exhibits antibacterial activity. The molecule is a monohydroxyflavone that is flavone with a hydroxy substituent at position 5 and methoxy groups at positions 7, 2', 4' and 5'. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glucoiberverin. 	It is a conjugate base of a glucoiberverin. It derives from a propylglucosinolate. 	
It is an organofluorine compound, a member of benzothiazoles, a carboxamide, a valine derivative, a valinamide fungicide and a benzothiazole fungicide. 	It is an organofluorine compound, a member of benzothiazoles, a carboxamide, a valine derivative, a valinamide fungicide and a benzothiazole fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is an organofluorine compound, a member of benzothiazoles, a carboxamide, a valine derivative, a valinamide fungicide and a benzothiazole fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is the active form of the fungicide benthiavalicarb isopropyl (in which the carbamic acid group has been converted to the corresponding isopropyl ester). 	
It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin F. 	It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin F. It is a guanidinium ion and a primary aliphatic ammonium ion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin F. It is a guanidinium ion and a primary aliphatic ammonium ion. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 	It is a conjugate acid of a streptothricin F. It is a guanidinium ion and a primary aliphatic ammonium ion. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. The molecule is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion which is obtained from streptothricin F by protonation of the guanidino and amino groups. 	
It is a terpenoid fundamental parent and a sesquiterpene. 	It is a terpenoid fundamental parent and a sesquiterpene. The molecule is the fundamental parent of a class of sesquiterpenes with a structure based upon a cyclodecane ring substituted with an isopropyl and two methyl groups. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrol and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrol and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrol and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is ursane substituted by a carboxy group at position 28 and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 6 and 23 (the 2alpha,3beta,6beta stereoisomer). 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organic iodide salt and a cyanine dye. 	
It is a conjugate base of a diltiazem(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a diltiazem(1+). It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. 	
It has a role as a chromogenic compound. 	It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a substrate for phosphatase. 	It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a substrate for phosphatase. The molecule is an aryl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of phosphoric acid with 1 mol eq. 	
It derives from a benzonitrile. 	It derives from a benzonitrile. It is a pyridone, a nitrile and a member of bipyridines. 	It derives from a benzonitrile. It is a pyridone, a nitrile and a member of bipyridines. It has a role as an AMPA receptor antagonist and an anticonvulsant. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a BODIPY dye and a pyrrolidinone. 	
It derives from an isoflavone. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a methoxyisoflavone. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a methoxyisoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a methoxyisoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2', a methoxy group at position 5 and a methylenedioxy group across positions 6 and 7 respectively. 	
It is a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a member of benzothiazoles, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. 	It is a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a member of benzothiazoles, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. 	It is a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a member of benzothiazoles, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. 	
It derives from a hydride of a diborane(4). 	It derives from a hydride of a diborane(4). It has a role as an inorganic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of a diborane(4). It has a role as an inorganic acid. The molecule is a boron oxoacid. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic diterpenoid having formula C21H28O2, originally isolated from the roots of Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a chloroeremomycin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chloroeremomycin. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group and protonation of the three amino functions of chloroeremomycin; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a member of benzotriazoles, a dicarboxylic acid diamide, a secondary carboxamide, a tertiary carboxamide and a member of thiophenes. 	It is a member of benzotriazoles, a dicarboxylic acid diamide, a secondary carboxamide, a tertiary carboxamide and a member of thiophenes. It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.69 (SARS coronavirus main proteinase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. 	
It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. 	It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. A naturally occurring monoterpenoid. 	It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. A naturally occurring monoterpenoid. The molecule is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is bornane bearing an oxo substituent at position 2. 	
It is a secondary carboxamide, a diol, a substituted aniline and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a secondary carboxamide, a diol, a substituted aniline and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a prodrug. 	It is a secondary carboxamide, a diol, a substituted aniline and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a prodrug. It is an intermediate used in the biosynthesis pathway of the antibiotic, chloramphenicol. 	
It is a secondary amino compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a secondary amino compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from an acetonitrile. 	It derives from an acetonitrile. It is a dinitrile, a secondary amino compound and an aliphatic nitrile. 	It derives from an acetonitrile. It is a dinitrile, a secondary amino compound and an aliphatic nitrile. The molecule is a secondary amino compound that is ammonia in which two of the hydrogens are substituted by cyanomethyl groups. 	
It is an aromatic ether, an azaphilone, a benzoate ester, a member of isochromenes and a member of catechols. 	It is an aromatic ether, an azaphilone, a benzoate ester, a member of isochromenes and a member of catechols. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether, an azaphilone, a benzoate ester, a member of isochromenes and a member of catechols. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Penicillium commune. 	
It derives from a benzophenone. 	It derives from a benzophenone. It is a chlorobenzophenone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and an isopropyl ester. 	It derives from a benzophenone. It is a chlorobenzophenone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It is a tautomer of a glycolaldehyde. 	It is a tautomer of a glycolaldehyde. It derives from an ethene. 	It is a tautomer of a glycolaldehyde. It derives from an ethene. It is an enol and a diol. 	
It derives from an IMP. 	It derives from an IMP. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a leukotriene A4. 	It derives from a leukotriene A4. It is a leukotriene, an epoxy fatty acid and a polyunsaturated fatty acid. 	
It derives from an icosanoic acid. 	It derives from an icosanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 40:4 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as icosanoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an abietate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an abietate. It is an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of an abietate. It is an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a tautomer of a desmethylanhydrotetracycline. 	It is a tautomer of a desmethylanhydrotetracycline. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It contains an afatinib. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains an afatinib. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a maleate salt obtained by combining afatinib with two molar equivalents of maleic acid. 	
It has a role as a reagent. 	It has a role as a reagent. It is used particularly for the selective cleavage of tryptophanyl peptide bonds (cleavage occurs at peptide bonds after amino acids with available C(gamma)=C(delta) double bonds such as tryptophan, tyrosine, and histidine). 	
It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. The molecule is a glucosylceramide found in Penicillium commune. 	
It is a member of dibenzofurans, a polycyclic heteroarene and a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent. 	It is a member of dibenzofurans, a polycyclic heteroarene and a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent. It has a role as a xenobiotic. 	
It is a furofuran, a carbamate ester and a sulfonamide. 	It is a furofuran, a carbamate ester and a sulfonamide. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. 	
It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. 	It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. 	It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. The molecule is a lathyrane diterpenoid isolated from the roots of Euphorbia micractina. 	
It derives from a glutaric acid. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a cyclic olefin and a sesquiterpene. 	It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a cyclic olefin and a sesquiterpene. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. 	It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a cyclic olefin and a sesquiterpene. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpene that is cyclohexene that is substituted at positions 1, 3, 4, and 4 by isopropyl, isopropenyl, methyl, and vinyl groups, respectively (the R,R stereoisomer). 	
It is an alkaloid, a member of benzodioxoles, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is an alkaloid, a member of benzodioxoles, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. 	It is an alkaloid, a member of benzodioxoles, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. A natural product found in Piper sarmentosum. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid and a pentadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid and a pentadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	
It is a member of benzodioxoles, a dimethoxybenzene, a lignan and a member of oxolanes. 	It is a member of benzodioxoles, a dimethoxybenzene, a lignan and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a member of benzodioxoles, a dimethoxybenzene, a lignan and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from the aerial parts of Piper futokadsura, it exhibits inhibitory activity against production of nitric oxide (NO). 	
It is a member of tetralins, a lignan and a member of guaiacols. 	It is a member of tetralins, a lignan and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of tetralins, a lignan and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the bark of Machilus robusta. 	
It is a member of resorcinols and a benzoate ester. 	It is a member of resorcinols and a benzoate ester. It is isolated from Cytonaema sp. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a component of essential oils from plants like Opuntia littoralis and Annona squamosa. 	
It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of bromobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a hydroxamic acid ester and a secondary amino compound. 	It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of bromobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a hydroxamic acid ester and a secondary amino compound. Approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation in combination with encorafenib. 	It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of bromobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a hydroxamic acid ester and a secondary amino compound. Approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation in combination with encorafenib. It is a MEK1 and MEK2 inhibitor (IC50= 12 nM). 	
It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor and an antileishmanial agent. 	It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor and an antileishmanial agent. A proteasome inhibitor known to be active against the three parasites that cause Chagas disease, leishmaniasis and sleeping sickness. 	
It is a conjugate base of an alogliptin(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of an alogliptin(1+). It is a nitrile, a member of piperidines, a member of pyrimidines and a primary amino compound. 	It is a conjugate base of an alogliptin(1+). It is a nitrile, a member of piperidines, a member of pyrimidines and a primary amino compound. Used in the form of its benzoate salt for treatment of type 2 diabetes. 	
It is a tautomer of a discadenine zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a discadenine zwitterion. It derives from a butyric acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a citraconic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a citraconic acid. The molecule is the dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of citraconic acid. 	
It contains a QSY7 succinimidyl ester(1+). 	It contains a QSY7 succinimidyl ester(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It contains a QSY7 succinimidyl ester(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. 	
It is a member of catechols, a member of naphthols, a hydrazide and a hydrazone. 	It is a member of catechols, a member of naphthols, a hydrazide and a hydrazone. It has a role as an EC 3.6.5.5 (dynamin GTPase) inhibitor. 	
It is a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid dianion and an oxo dicarboxylic acid dianion. 	It is a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid dianion and an oxo dicarboxylic acid dianion. The major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a lactate. 	It derives from a lactate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a thifensulfuron. 	It derives from a thifensulfuron. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 	It derives from a thifensulfuron. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. The molecule is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of thifensulfuron with methanol. 	
It derives from an artemisinic aldehyde. 	It derives from an artemisinic aldehyde. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an aldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It derives from an artemisinic aldehyde. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an aldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid aldehyde, an intermedediate and reduction product from artemisinic aldehyde in the biosynthesis of artemisinin from artemisinic alcohol in Artemisia annua. 	
It derives from a phosphonic acid. 	It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is an epoxide and a member of phosphonic acids. 	
It derives from a formic acid. 	It derives from a formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. 	It derives from a formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. The molecule is the potassium salt of formic acid. 	
It contains a calcipotriol. 	It contains a calcipotriol. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. 	It contains a calcipotriol. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It is used in combination with betamethasone dipropionate, a corticosteroid, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. 	It contains a calcipotriol. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It is used in combination with betamethasone dipropionate, a corticosteroid, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of calcipotriol. 	
It has a role as a cardiovascular drug, a hematologic agent and a mitogen. 	It has a role as a cardiovascular drug, a hematologic agent and a mitogen. The molecule is the predominant form of mammalian vasopressin (antidiuretic hormone). 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. A synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, it is used as the trometamol salt (generally by intravenous infusion) for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and pulmonary hypertension. 	
It contains a carteolol(1+). 	It contains a carteolol(1+). The molecule is a hydrochloride. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a methyl ketone that is octane substituted by an oxo group at position 2. 	
It is a conjugate base of a thymol sulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of a thymol sulfate. It derives from a thymol. 	It is a conjugate base of a thymol sulfate. It derives from a thymol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a thymol sulfate. It derives from a thymol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a phenyl sulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of thymol sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfate group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an aurone. 	It derives from an aurone. It is a methoxyaurone and a hydroxyaurone. 	It derives from an aurone. It is a methoxyaurone and a hydroxyaurone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an aurone. It is a methoxyaurone and a hydroxyaurone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Cyperus teneriffae. 	It derives from an aurone. It is a methoxyaurone and a hydroxyaurone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Cyperus teneriffae. The molecule is a methoxyaurone that is aurone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 4, 6 and 4' and a hydroxy group at position 3' respectively. 	
It is a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a polyene antibiotic, an enol, a cyclic ketone, an enone, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a polyene antibiotic, an enol, a cyclic ketone, an enone, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a prenyl diphosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a prenyl diphosphate. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen, a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a prenyl diphosphate. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen, a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is trianion of prenyl diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups. 	
It is a polyphenol, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 	It is a polyphenol, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. 	It is a polyphenol, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. It is isolated from the roots of Bauhinia saccocalyx and exhibits antimycobacterial activity. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a hexenoic acid with the double bond at position 3. 	
It contains a fenoterol. 	It contains a fenoterol. The molecule is the hydrobromide salt of fenoterol. 	
It is a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. 	
It derives from a jacoline. 	It derives from a jacoline. It is a diol, a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organochlorine compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. 	It derives from a jacoline. It is a diol, a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organochlorine compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. It is a conjugate base of a doxorubicin(1+). 	It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. It is a conjugate base of a doxorubicin(1+). It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	
It has a role as a chelator. 	It has a role as a chelator. The molecule is a magnesium salt that is the monomagnesium salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA). 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the roots of Sophora flavescens, it exhibits cytotoxicity towards KB epidermoid carcinoma cell line. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the roots of Sophora flavescens, it exhibits cytotoxicity towards KB epidermoid carcinoma cell line. The molecule is a trihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 2' and 4', a prenyl group at position 8 and a prenyloxy group at position 7. 	
It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 	It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. The molecule is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which both phenyl groups are substituted by chlorines at positions 3 and 5. 	
It is a conjugate base of a syringic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a syringic acid. It is a methoxybenzoate and a hydroxybenzoate. 	It is a conjugate base of a syringic acid. It is a methoxybenzoate and a hydroxybenzoate. The molecule is a methoxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of syringic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a phthalic acid monoester and an isopropyl ester. 	It is a phthalic acid monoester and an isopropyl ester. The molecule is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isopropanol. 	
It is a sesquiterpene and an alicyclic compound. 	It is a sesquiterpene and an alicyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a tautomer of a thiofulminic acid. 	It is a tautomer of a thiofulminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a thiofulminate. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a benzyl ether in which the oxygen atom is connected to two benzyl groups. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It derives from a platensimycin. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. The molecule is a polycyclic cage that is the decarboxy derivative of platensimycin. 	
It is a sulfonamide, a dichlorobenzene, an organofluorine compound and a member of triazoles. 	It is a sulfonamide, a dichlorobenzene, an organofluorine compound and a member of triazoles. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 	It is a sulfonamide, a dichlorobenzene, an organofluorine compound and a member of triazoles. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. Not approved for use within the European Union. 	
It contains a cephalexin. 	It contains a cephalexin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It contains a cephalexin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. The molecule is a hydrate of cephalexin consisting of equimolar amounts of hydrate and cephalexin. 	
It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and an acetate ester. 	It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and an acetate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, an enone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and an acetate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a tricyclic triterpenoid of the isomalabaricane group. 	
It is an echinocandin, a homodetic cyclic peptide and an aromatic ether. 	It is an echinocandin, a homodetic cyclic peptide and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a clenbuterol(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a clenbuterol(1+). It is a member of ethanolamines, a primary arylamine, a secondary amino compound, an amino alcohol, a substituted aniline and a dichlorobenzene. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. KY4917 and exhibits antibacterial activity. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. KY4917 and exhibits antibacterial activity. It is isolated from Acremonium sp. 	
It derives from a nonanoic acid. 	It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is an amino monocarboxylic acid and an amino fatty acid. 	It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is an amino monocarboxylic acid and an amino fatty acid. Some of its isomers are naturally occurring intermediates of biotin synthesis, and targets of antimicrobial and herbicide development. 	It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is an amino monocarboxylic acid and an amino fatty acid. Some of its isomers are naturally occurring intermediates of biotin synthesis, and targets of antimicrobial and herbicide development. The molecule is an amino fatty acid carrying amino substituents at positions 7 and 8. 	
It derives from an adenine. 	It derives from an adenine. It is a nucleoside monophosphate analogue and a bridged compound. 	
It is a conjugate base of a SAICAR. 	It is a conjugate base of a SAICAR. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. 	It is a conjugate base of a SAICAR. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a SAICAR. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a SAICAR. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the tetraanionic form of SAICAR. 	
It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. The molecule is an aromatic ketone that consists of benzene substituted by a pentanoyl group. 	
It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a coproporphyrinogen. 	
It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an iodide salt. 	It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an iodide salt. The molecule is a quarternary ammonium salt whose basic unit comprises an ethyltrimethylammonium cation and an iodide anion. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis and has been shown to inhibit NO production. 	
It derives from a cycloastragenol. 	It derives from a cycloastragenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a monacolin L. 	It derives from a monacolin L. The molecule is a polyketide that is monacolin L bearing an additional hydroxy substituent at position 8. 	
It is a member of fluoromethanes, a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of methyl halides. It has a role as a refrigerant. 	It is a member of fluoromethanes, a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of methyl halides. It has a role as a refrigerant. The molecule is a member of the class of fluoromethanes that is methane in which a single hydrogen is substituted by a fluorine atom. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. The molecule is an organic thiophosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	
It is a pyrazolopyridazine, an aromatic ether, a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound and a member of pyrimidines. 	It is a pyrazolopyridazine, an aromatic ether, a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound and a member of pyrimidines. It is a CLK4 kinase inhibitor. 	
It has a role as a crystallisation adjutant. 	It has a role as a crystallisation adjutant. It is commonly used to crystallise proteins. 	
It derives from a soyasapogenol A. 	It derives from a soyasapogenol A. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and a carbohydrate acid derivative. 	
It is an acetate ester, a carbobicyclic compound, a labdane diterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a butenolide. 	It is an acetate ester, a carbobicyclic compound, a labdane diterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a butenolide. The molecule is a labdane diterpenoid that is isolated from the fruits of Vitex trifolia L. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#10. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#10. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion that is the conjugate base of oscr#10, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tautomer of a methionine sulfone zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a methionine sulfone zwitterion. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been found in muscat grapes and vanilla. The molecule is an aromatic ether in which the oxygen is attached to two phenyl substituents. 	
It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a methylbenzoic acid carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a validamycin A(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a validamycin A(1+). It is a member of validamycins, a secondary amino compound, a polyol and an antibiotic fungicide. 	It is a conjugate base of a validamycin A(1+). It is a member of validamycins, a secondary amino compound, a polyol and an antibiotic fungicide. It is the major validamycin produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. 	
It is a lignan, a pentol, a polyphenol and a primary alcohol. 	It is a lignan, a pentol, a polyphenol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a lignan, a pentol, a polyphenol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Taxus yunnanensis. 	
It is a peptide antibiotic, a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 	It is a peptide antibiotic, a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 	
It is a lead coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. 	It is a lead coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. The molecule is an inorganic chloride consisting of two chlorine atoms covalently bound to a central lead atom. 	
It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. 	It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. The molecule is a cytochalasan alkaloid found in Chaetomium globosum. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxycoumarin and a ketone. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxycoumarin and a ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxycoumarin and a ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from the roots of Ferula fukanensis, it exhibits inhibitory effects on the production of nitric oxide (NO). 	
It is a carbohydrate acid anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a carbohydrate acid anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an organochlorine compound and a member of quinolines. 	It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an organochlorine compound and a member of quinolines. It has a role as a herbicide safener. 	It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an organochlorine compound and a member of quinolines. It has a role as a herbicide safener. The molecule is a member of the class of quinolines that is quinoline which is substituted by a chloro group at position 5 and by a carboxymethoxy group at position 8. 	
It derives from an isovaleric acid. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is the fatty acid ethyl ester of isovaleric acid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a naloxone. 	It is a conjugate acid of a naloxone. The molecule is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the nitrogen of naloxone. 	
It derives from an embelin. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from an embelin. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Lysimachia punctata and Embelia ribes, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It derives from a formononetin. 	It derives from a formononetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It contains a clorazepate monopotassium. 	It contains a clorazepate monopotassium. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a GABA modulator. 	It contains a clorazepate monopotassium. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a GABA modulator. The molecule is the compound of monopotassium clorazepate with potassium hydroxide. 	
It is a monoterpene, a terpenoid fundamental parent and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a monoterpene, a terpenoid fundamental parent and a carbobicyclic compound. The molecule is a monoterpene that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by methy groups at positions 1, 3 and 3. 	
It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. 	
It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a phytotoxin and an iron chelator. 	It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a phytotoxin and an iron chelator. It shows high affinity for Fe(3+) (but not Fe(2+)) ions. Its phytotoxcity is at least 200 times greater than that of stemphyloxin II. 	It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a phytotoxin and an iron chelator. It shows high affinity for Fe(3+) (but not Fe(2+)) ions. Its phytotoxcity is at least 200 times greater than that of stemphyloxin II. Isolated from the endophytic fungus Stemphylium botryosum, it is the causal agent of leaf spot and foliage blight disease in tomatoes. 	
It derives from a hederagenin. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Kalopanax pictus. 	
It derives from a hydride of a taxane. 	It derives from a hydride of a taxane. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an acetate ester and a benzoate ester. 	It derives from a hydride of a taxane. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an acetate ester and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a taxane. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an acetate ester and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from plant species of the genus Taxus. 	
It derives from a jacoline. 	It derives from a jacoline. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a triol and a tertiary amine oxide. 	It derives from a jacoline. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a triol and a tertiary amine oxide. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid. The molecule is the tetracarboxylic acid anion formed by deprotonation of two of the four carboxy groups in ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA). 	
It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. 	It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a topical anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug, an allergen and a sensitiser. 	It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a topical anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug, an allergen and a sensitiser. A surface anaesthetic, it is used to suppress the gag reflex, and as a lubricant and topical anaesthetic on the larynx, mouth, nasal cavity, respiratory tract, oesophagus, rectum, urinary tract, and vagina. 	
It has a role as an opioid analgesic. 	It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It has been used (particularly as the hydrogen tartrate salt) for the treatment of severe pain, but was discontinued in the UK in 2004. 	It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It has been used (particularly as the hydrogen tartrate salt) for the treatment of severe pain, but was discontinued in the UK in 2004. An opioid analgesic that is structurally related to methadone, it is more poweful than morphine but shorter acting. 	
It is a conjugate base of a C17 sphingosine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a C17 sphingosine(1+). It is an aminodiol and a sphingoid. 	It is a conjugate base of a C17 sphingosine(1+). It is an aminodiol and a sphingoid. The molecule is a sphingoid that is the C17 analogue of sphingosine. 	
It is a bis(azo) compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols, a member of biphenyls, an aminonaphthalene and a primary arylamine. 	It is a bis(azo) compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols, a member of biphenyls, an aminonaphthalene and a primary arylamine. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker and a teratogenic agent. 	It is a bis(azo) compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols, a member of biphenyls, an aminonaphthalene and a primary arylamine. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker and a teratogenic agent. The tetrasodium salt is used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. 	It is a bis(azo) compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols, a member of biphenyls, an aminonaphthalene and a primary arylamine. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker and a teratogenic agent. The tetrasodium salt is used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. The molecule is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of the dye Evans blue. 	
It is a cycloalkane and a member of cyclopropanes. 	It is a cycloalkane and a member of cyclopropanes. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic. The molecule is a cycloalkane composed of three carbon atoms to form a ring. 	
It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, an organofluorine compound, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, an organofluorine compound, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It induces cell death and growth arrest in Burkitt lymphoma cell lines at low concentrations. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a retinoid X receptor agonist, a metabolite and a keratolytic drug. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a retinoid X receptor agonist, a metabolite and a keratolytic drug. The molecule is a retinoic acid in which the exocyclic double bonds have 7E,9Z,11E,13E geometry. 	
It contains a dilC18(3)(1+). 	It contains a dilC18(3)(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It contains a dilC18(3)(1+). It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a Cy3 dye and an organic perchlorate salt. 	
It derives from a ferruginol and a sugiol. 	It derives from a ferruginol and a sugiol. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a meroterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a member of catechols. 	It derives from a ferruginol and a sugiol. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a meroterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a member of catechols. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a ferruginol and a sugiol. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a meroterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a member of catechols. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid that is sugiol in which the hydrogen ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an acetate ester, a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a lactol and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an acetate ester, a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a lactol and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an acetate ester, a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a lactol and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor. The molecule is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from the whole plant of Euphorbia decipiens and exhibits inhibitory activity against urease. 	
It is a ceramide and a Cer(d38:1). 	It is a ceramide and a Cer(d38:1). It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It is a ceramide and a Cer(d38:1). It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a disaccharide derivative, a benzoate ester, a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a disaccharide derivative, a benzoate ester, a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Glochidion eriocarpum, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human cancer cell lines. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an intermediate involved in the glycine and serine metabolism. 	
It derives from a tryptamine. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is a tryptamine alkaloid and a member of tryptamines. 	
It has a role as a mutagen and a carcinogenic agent. 	It has a role as a mutagen and a carcinogenic agent. It is listed as a Group 3 carcinogen by the IARC. 	
It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is used as a precursor for the production of ephedrine and pseudoephedrine. 	
It is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative and a hydroxypolyether. 	It is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative and a hydroxypolyether. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. 	
It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It is an organobromine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a neamine(4+). 	It is a conjugate base of a neamine(4+). It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 	
It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an organic peroxide. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an organic peroxide. It has a role as an antimalarial and a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. 	It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is not approved for use within the European Union. 	It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is not approved for use within the European Union. The molecule is an organic salt resulting from the formal condensation of equimolar amounts of quinclorac and dimethylamine. 	
It derives from a testosterone. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It has been found in Daphnia magna. 	
It contains a terbinafine(1+). 	It contains a terbinafine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an allylamine antifungal drug. 	It contains a terbinafine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an allylamine antifungal drug. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and a P450 inhibitor. 	It contains a terbinafine(1+). It is a hydrochloride and an allylamine antifungal drug. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and a P450 inhibitor. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of terbinafine with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and an organobromine compound. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an autophagy inducer. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an autophagy inducer. It is a modulator of mammalian autophagy. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a picrate anion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a picrate anion. It has a role as an explosive, an antiseptic drug and a fixative. 	
It has a role as a surfactant. 	It has a role as a surfactant. The molecule is an arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid substituted by an undecyl group at position 4. 	
It derives from a chromone. 	It derives from a chromone. It is a member of chromones and a member of resorcinols. 	It derives from a chromone. It is a member of chromones and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a chromone. It is a member of chromones and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. 	It derives from a chromone. It is a member of chromones and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. The molecule is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a methyl group at position 8. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an organoammonium salt. 	
It derives from an angelic acid. 	It derives from an angelic acid. It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. 	It derives from an angelic acid. It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an angelic acid. It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a lignan with a dibenzocyclooctadiene skeleton isolated from Kadsura ananosma. 	
It is a conjugate base of a ferulic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a ferulic acid. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group of ferulic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of an adenosine thiamine triphosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of an adenosine thiamine triphosphate. The molecule is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of adenosine thiamine triphosphate. 	
It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. 	It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a neurotransmitter agent. 	
It is an ethylenediamine derivative, a glycine derivative, a polyamino carboxylic acid and an amino dicarboxylic acid. 	It is an ethylenediamine derivative, a glycine derivative, a polyamino carboxylic acid and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a chelator and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is an ethylenediamine derivative, a glycine derivative, a polyamino carboxylic acid and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a chelator and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is an ethylenediamine derivative in which two of the four amine protons of ethylenediamine are replaced by carboxymethyl groups. 	
It has a role as an isotopic tracer and a diagnostic agent. 	It has a role as an isotopic tracer and a diagnostic agent. In normal subjects, methacetin is rapidly metabolised in the liver, being dealkylated by hepatic CYP1A2 to give paracetamol (acetaminophen); the methyl of the methoxy group is eliminated as CO2. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. Isolated from Leucas urticifolia, it acts as a cholinesterase inhibitor. 	
It is a member of benzaldehydes, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of benzaldehydes, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. 	It is a member of benzaldehydes, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. Used as an indicator for detection of indoles and hydrazine. 	It is a member of benzaldehydes, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. Used as an indicator for detection of indoles and hydrazine. The molecule is a mamber of the class of benzaldehydes carrying a dimethylamino substituent at position 4. 	
It derives from a salicylic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a member of azobenzenes. 	
It derives from a tryptamine. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. It has a role as a melatonin receptor antagonist. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. It has a role as a melatonin receptor antagonist. The molecule is a member of the class of indoles that is tryptamine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group while the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a benzyl group. 	
It derives from a butylphosphonic acid. 	It derives from a butylphosphonic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hydrogensulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogensulfate. It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide, an inorganic anion and a divalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogensulfate. It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide, an inorganic anion and a divalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogensulfate. It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide, an inorganic anion and a divalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. The molecule is a sulfur oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of both OH groups of sulfuric acid. 	
It derives from a fluoran. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a fluorescent dye. 	It derives from a fluoran. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a fluorescent dye. Used forensically to detect traces of blood, in analytical chemistry as an indicator in silver nitrate titrations and in microscopy. 	It derives from a fluoran. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a fluorescent dye. Used forensically to detect traces of blood, in analytical chemistry as an indicator in silver nitrate titrations and in microscopy. The molecule is a xanthene dye that is highly fluorescent, detectable even when present in minute quantities. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. Isolated from Sophora exigua and Artemisia indica, it exhibits antimalarial activity. 	
It is a cinnamate ester, a member of hydroquinones and a methyl ester. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a member of hydroquinones and a methyl ester. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a succinamate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a succinamate. It derives from a succinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a succinamate. It derives from a succinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide of succinic acid. 	
It derives from a coumarin. 	It derives from a coumarin. The molecule is a member of coumarins. 	
It derives from a cytosine. 	It derives from a cytosine. It is a pyrimidone, a nucleobase analogue and a member of acetamides. 	
It derives from a diphenyl ether. 	It derives from a diphenyl ether. It is a member of catechols and an aromatic ether. 	
It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from Cratoxylum Sumatranum and exhibits cytotoxicity towards the KB (human oral epidermoid) cancer cell line. 	
It derives from a shikimate. 	It derives from a shikimate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a sulfone, a member of toluenes, a benzoylpyrazole, an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a pyrazole pesticide and an aromatic alcohol. 	It is a sulfone, a member of toluenes, a benzoylpyrazole, an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a pyrazole pesticide and an aromatic alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and a herbicide. 	It is a sulfone, a member of toluenes, a benzoylpyrazole, an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a pyrazole pesticide and an aromatic alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and a herbicide. It is the active metabolite of the proherbicide, tolpyralate. 	
It derives from a protectin D1. 	It derives from a protectin D1. The molecule is a docosanoid that is protectin D1 in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensquarate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensquarate. It is a carbon oxoacid and an alicyclic ketone. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensquarate. It is a carbon oxoacid and an alicyclic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a tertiary amine, a member of quinolines, a member of benzothiazoles and a cyanine dye. 	It is a tertiary amine, a member of quinolines, a member of benzothiazoles and a cyanine dye. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. 	It is a tertiary amine, a member of quinolines, a member of benzothiazoles and a cyanine dye. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. The counter ion is not stated. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of catechols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It is a member of ureas and a carbamate ester. 	It is a member of ureas and a carbamate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a primary arylamine and a member of anilines. 	It is a primary arylamine and a member of anilines. The molecule is a primary arylamine in which an amino functional group is substituted for one of the benzene hydrogens. 	
It derives from a tomatidine. It is a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative, an alkaloid antibiotic and a glycoside. 	It derives from a tomatidine. It is a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative, an alkaloid antibiotic and a glycoside. It has a role as an immunological adjuvant, a phytotoxin and an antifungal agent. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an ibogamine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ibogamine. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ibogamine. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. The molecule is a tertiary ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the tertiary amino group of ibogamine. 	
It is a penicillin, a semisynthetic derivative and a dichlorobenzene. 	It is a penicillin, a semisynthetic derivative and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tyraminium. 	It is a conjugate base of a tyraminium. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound and a member of tyramines. 	It is a conjugate base of a tyraminium. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound and a member of tyramines. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. 	It is a conjugate base of a tyraminium. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound and a member of tyramines. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. The molecule is a primary amino compound obtained by formal decarboxylation of the amino acid tyrosine. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a nicotinic acid dinucleotide. 	
It is a pyridone, a ring assembly, a dicarboximide and an enamine. 	It is a pyridone, a ring assembly, a dicarboximide and an enamine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a biological pigment. 	
It derives from a tabersonine. 	It derives from a tabersonine. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester and a tertiary amino compound. 	
It is a conjugate base of a Renilla luciferyl sulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of a Renilla luciferyl sulfate. The molecule is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of Renilla luciferyl sulfate; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a glucosiduronic acid, a tricarboxylic acid, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It is a glucosiduronic acid, a tricarboxylic acid, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	
It is an alkaloid ester, an aromatic ether, an indole alkaloid, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 	It is an alkaloid ester, an aromatic ether, an indole alkaloid, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an alkaloid ester, an aromatic ether, an indole alkaloid, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is an indole alkaloid isolated from Tabernaemontana corymbosa, and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxicity against human KB cells. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. It derives from an amitriptyline. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. It derives from an amitriptyline. It is an organic tricyclic compound and a secondary amine. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. It derives from an amitriptyline. It is an organic tricyclic compound and a secondary amine. It has a role as a drug metabolite, an antidepressant, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an analgesic, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. It derives from an amitriptyline. It is an organic tricyclic compound and a secondary amine. It has a role as a drug metabolite, an antidepressant, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an analgesic, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is an active metabolite of amitriptyline. 	
It is a conjugate base of a malonic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a malonic acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion. 	
It derives from an inosine. 	It derives from an inosine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#23. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#23. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion that is the conjugate base of oscr#23, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a sedoheptulose. 	It derives from a sedoheptulose. It is a sedoheptulose derivative and a ketoheptose phosphate. 	It derives from a sedoheptulose. It is a sedoheptulose derivative and a ketoheptose phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a sedoheptulose. It is a sedoheptulose derivative and a ketoheptose phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an intermediate metabolite in the pentose phosphate pathway. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an angelic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from an angelic acid. Isolated from the stems of Gordonia chrysandra, it exhibits a strong inhibitory effect on nitric oxide production. 	
It derives from a NADP(+). 	It derives from a NADP(+). It has a role as a calcium channel agonist, a signalling molecule and a metabolite. 	It derives from a NADP(+). It has a role as a calcium channel agonist, a signalling molecule and a metabolite. The molecule is a nicotinic acid dinucleotide that is NADP(+) in which the carboxamide group on the pyridine ring is replaced by a carboxy group. 	
It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Dalea boliviana, it exhibits inhibitory activity against tyrosinase. 	
It derives from an icosanoic acid. 	It derives from an icosanoic acid. It is a sphingomyelin 38:1 and a sphingomyelin d18:1. 	It derives from an icosanoic acid. It is a sphingomyelin 38:1 and a sphingomyelin d18:1. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	
It derives from a ribitol. 	It derives from a ribitol. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a papulacandin, a monosaccharide derivative and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is a papulacandin, a monosaccharide derivative and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a metabolite. 	
It derives from a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a chromenol, a methyl ketone, a polyphenol and an aromatic ketone. 	
It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Ra. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a glutathione derivative, an organic disulfide and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 	It is a glutathione derivative, an organic disulfide and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a morphine. 	It derives from a morphine. It is a benzyl ether and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It derives from a morphine. It is a benzyl ether and a tetradecanoate ester. It has a role as a prodrug and an opioid analgesic. 	It derives from a morphine. It is a benzyl ether and a tetradecanoate ester. It has a role as a prodrug and an opioid analgesic. Myrophine is almost invariably used as the hydrochloride. 	
It is a tautomer of a rifampicin zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a rifampicin zwitterion. The molecule is a member of the class of rifamycins that is a a semisynthetic antibiotic derived from Amycolatopsis rifamycinica (previously known as Amycolatopsis mediterranei and Streptomyces mediterranei) It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antitubercular agent, a leprostatic drug, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a pregnane X receptor agonist and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is an artemisinin derivative, a sesquiterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a cyclic acetal, a semisynthetic derivative and a hemisuccinate. 	It is an artemisinin derivative, a sesquiterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a cyclic acetal, a semisynthetic derivative and a hemisuccinate. It has a role as an antimalarial. 	It is an artemisinin derivative, a sesquiterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a cyclic acetal, a semisynthetic derivative and a hemisuccinate. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is used, generally as the sodium salt, for the treatment of malaria. 	It is an artemisinin derivative, a sesquiterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a cyclic acetal, a semisynthetic derivative and a hemisuccinate. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is used, generally as the sodium salt, for the treatment of malaria. The molecule is an artemisinin derivative that is the hemisuccinate ester of the lactol resulting from the reduction of the lactone carbonyl group of artemisinin. 	
It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, an imidazopyridine, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 	It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, an imidazopyridine, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It has a role as an AKT1 kinase inhibitor. 	It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, an imidazopyridine, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It has a role as an AKT1 kinase inhibitor. A potent inhibitor of AKT1 kinase. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a barringtogenol C. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a barringtogenol C. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin and a triol. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a barringtogenol C. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin and a triol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a barringtogenol C. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a trisaccharide derivative, a triterpenoid saponin and a triol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Lysimachia clethroides. 	
It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid ester. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid ester. It has a role as an antileishmanial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid ester. It has a role as an antileishmanial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the flowering plant genus, Tabernaemontana. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid ester. It has a role as an antileishmanial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the flowering plant genus, Tabernaemontana. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H26N2O2. 	
It is a member of catechols and a butenolide. 	It is a member of catechols and a butenolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of catechols and a butenolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica. 	
It is a member of coumarins, a member of phenols and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is a member of coumarins, a member of phenols and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a baicalin. 	It is a conjugate base of a baicalin. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a baicalin. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. The molecule is the carbohydrate acid derivative anion that is the conjugate base of baicalin. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cocaine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cocaine. It is a tropane alkaloid and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cocaine. It is a tropane alkaloid and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cocaine. It is a tropane alkaloid and an ammonium ion derivative. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is the conjugate base of cocaine arising from protonation of the tertiary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. 	It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. It has a role as a fertilizer. 	
It derives from an azadiradione. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It has a role as a metabolite, a plant metabolite and an enzyme inhibitor. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It has a role as a metabolite, a plant metabolite and an enzyme inhibitor. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It has a role as a metabolite, a plant metabolite and an enzyme inhibitor. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. The molecule is a limonoid that is azadiradione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 17. 	
It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. 	It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. It is an enoate ester, a methyl ester and a diester. 	It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. It is an enoate ester, a methyl ester and a diester. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an antipsoriatic. 	It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. It is an enoate ester, a methyl ester and a diester. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an antipsoriatic. Used for treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. 	It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. It is an enoate ester, a methyl ester and a diester. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an antipsoriatic. Used for treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. The molecule is an enoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of fumaric acid with methanol. 	
It is a conjugate base of a SB 224289(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a SB 224289(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. 	It is a conjugate base of a SB 224289(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. Centrally active following oral administration in vivo. 	
It derives from a pelargonidin. 	It derives from a pelargonidin. The molecule is an anthocyanin cation. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a drug allergen. 	It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a drug allergen. It is used in the treatment of gonorrhoea, tonsilitis, pharyngitis, bronchitis, and urinary tract infections. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#9. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#9. The conjugate base of oscr#9 and the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#9. The conjugate base of oscr#9 and the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of oscr#9. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#38. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#38. The conjugate base of oscr#38 and the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#38. The conjugate base of oscr#38 and the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of oscr#38. 	
It derives from a vanillyl alcohol. 	It derives from a vanillyl alcohol. It is a carboxylic ester, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. 	
It derives from a torasemide. 	It derives from a torasemide. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a torasemide. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of torasemide. 	It derives from a torasemide. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of torasemide. The molecule is a member of the class of phenols that is torasemide which carries a hydroxy group at position 4' of the phenyl ring. 	
It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an extended flavonoid and an aromatic ether. 	It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an extended flavonoid and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a tautomer of a glutamine hydroxamate. 	It is a tautomer of a glutamine hydroxamate. The molecule is an amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of glutamine hydroxamate; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a validamine. 	It derives from a validamine. It is an amino cyclitol and a cyclitol phosphate. 	It derives from a validamine. It is an amino cyclitol and a cyclitol phosphate. The molecule is a cyclitol phosphate that is validamine carrying a single monophosphate substituent at position 7. 	
It derives from a flavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positioms 5, 6 and 3' and methoxy groups at positions 3, 7 and 4' respectively. 	
It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Ra. 	
It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 	It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. It derives from a tamoxifen. 	It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. It derives from a tamoxifen. It is an aromatic ether and a tertiary amine oxide. 	It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. It derives from a tamoxifen. It is an aromatic ether and a tertiary amine oxide. The molecule is a tertiary amine oxide resulting from the formal oxidation of the amino group of tamoxifen. 	
It is a polyphenol and a dimethoxybenzene. 	It is a polyphenol and a dimethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a polyphenol and a dimethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It has been isolated from the stems of Combretum griffithii and has been shown to exhibit anticancer activity. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. Also shown to inhibit topoisomerase II activity in vitro (IC50 = 7.41 muM). 	
It derives from a hydride of a thiazole. 	It derives from a hydride of a thiazole. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. 	It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem and stem barks of Cornus walteri. 	
It has a role as an antifouling biocide, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. 	It has a role as an antifouling biocide, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a powerful biocide and preservative and is the minor active ingredient in the commercial product Kathon(TM). 	
It derives from a tectorigenin. 	It derives from a tectorigenin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. 	It derives from a tectorigenin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. The molecule is a methoxyisoflavone that is tectorigenin in which the hydroxy group at position 7 has been replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It is a conjugate base of an UTP. 	It is a conjugate base of an UTP. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is an organochlorine compound, a nitrile, an aromatic ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. 	It is an organochlorine compound, a nitrile, an aromatic ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. 	
It derives from a kaempferol. 	It derives from a kaempferol. Isolated from the aerial parts of Vicia faba and Lotus edulis, it exhibits inhibitory activity against topoisomerase II. 	
It derives from a glutaric acid. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a diagnostic marker for glutaric aciduria type I. 	It derives from a glutaric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a diagnostic marker for glutaric aciduria type I. The molecule is a 3 hydroxy carboxylic acid that is glutaric acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. 	
It derives from a propionic acid. 	It derives from a propionic acid. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and an amino acid opine. 	
It derives from an isoorientin. 	It derives from an isoorientin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an isoorientin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is isoorientin in which the phenolic hydrogens at positions 3' and 7 have been replaced by methyl groups. 	
It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 	It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Arcangelisia gusanlung. 	It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Arcangelisia gusanlung. The molecule is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. The molecule is a glycerol monophosphate having the phosphate group located at position 1. 	
It is a member of pyridines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a statin (synthetic). 	It is a member of pyridines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a statin (synthetic). Formerly used (as its sodium salt) to lower cholesterol and prevent cardiovascular disease, it was withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001 following reports of a severe form of muscle toxicity. 	
It has a role as an antifungal agent. 	It has a role as an antifungal agent. The molecule is a synthetic macrolide that is an analogue of the marine metabolite leucascandrolide A that exhibits comparable antiproliferative properties. 	
It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a human metabolite. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a human metabolite. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is an acetate ester and a methyl sulfide. 	It is an acetate ester and a methyl sulfide. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of hydroquinones. 	It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a fungal metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a fungal metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. Isolated from Chaetomium globosum and other fungal species, it exhibits radical scavenging activities. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#25. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#25. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion that is the conjugate base of oscr#25, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an ixazomib. 	It derives from an ixazomib. It has a role as a prodrug, a proteasome inhibitor, an orphan drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	It derives from an ixazomib. It has a role as a prodrug, a proteasome inhibitor, an orphan drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. A prodrug for ixazomib that is used in combination therapy for treatment of multiple myeloma. 	
It is a diester and a quaternary ammonium ion. 	It is a diester and a quaternary ammonium ion. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic antagonist. 	It is a diester and a quaternary ammonium ion. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic antagonist. The active species in the skeletal muscle relaxant cisatracurium besylate. 	
It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a teratogenic agent and a sodium channel blocker. 	It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a teratogenic agent and a sodium channel blocker. It is sometimes used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It derives from a progesterone. 	
It contains a member of pramipexole hydrochloride anhydrous and a pramipexole(2+). 	It contains a member of pramipexole hydrochloride anhydrous and a pramipexole(2+). It has a role as a dopamine agonist and an antiparkinson drug. 	It contains a member of pramipexole hydrochloride anhydrous and a pramipexole(2+). It has a role as a dopamine agonist and an antiparkinson drug. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the dihydrochloride salt of pramiprexole. 	
It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. A farnesyltransferase inhibitor produced by Penicillium roqueforti, a filamentous fungus involved in the ripening of several kinds of blue cheeses. 	
It is an acetate ester, an aromatic ether, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an oxacycle and a butyrate ester. 	It is an acetate ester, an aromatic ether, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an oxacycle and a butyrate ester. The molecule is a lignan with a dibenzocyclooctadiene skeleton isolated from Kadsura ananosma It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor. 	It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor. It is a potent inhibitor of phosphodiesterase IV (PDE4). 	
It derives from a benzamide. 	It derives from a benzamide. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a benzamide. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. Used (as its mesylate salt) for treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumours. 	
It is an aminoimidazole and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an aminoimidazole and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a trisodium phosphonoformate. 	It contains a trisodium phosphonoformate. It has a role as an antiviral drug. 	It contains a trisodium phosphonoformate. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It is used as an antiviral agent in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis, an inflamation of the retina that can lead to blindness) and as an alternative to ganciclovir for AIDS patients who require concurrent antiretroviral therapy but are unable to tolerate ganciclovir due to haematological toxicity. 	It contains a trisodium phosphonoformate. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It is used as an antiviral agent in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis, an inflamation of the retina that can lead to blindness) and as an alternative to ganciclovir for AIDS patients who require concurrent antiretroviral therapy but are unable to tolerate ganciclovir due to haematological toxicity. The molecule is the hexahydrate form of trisodium phosphonoformate. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a monacolin L acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a monacolin L acid. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of monacolin L acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a salicylamide. 	It derives from a salicylamide. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. 	It derives from a salicylamide. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antifungal agent. 	It derives from a salicylamide. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It has been used as a topical antifungal agent. 	It derives from a salicylamide. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It has been used as a topical antifungal agent. The molecule is an arenecarboxamide that is salicylamide in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been converted into the corresponding hexyl ether. 	
It is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid, a member of uridines and a nucleoside. 	It is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid, a member of uridines and a nucleoside. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of aminoacridines, a secondary amino compound, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of aminoacridines, a secondary amino compound, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a mutagen. 	
It is an iminium ion and a member of benzothiazoles. 	It is an iminium ion and a member of benzothiazoles. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	It is an iminium ion and a member of benzothiazoles. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. The molecule is an iminium ion that is the cationic component of alcian yellow. 	
It is a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of thiazolidines. 	It is a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of thiazolidines. It has a role as a siderophore and a metabolite. 	It is a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of thiazolidines. It has a role as a siderophore and a metabolite. A siderophore that is produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (via condensation of salicylic acid and two molecules of cysteine) as a mixture of two easily interconvertible diastereoisomers, pyochelin I (major) and pyochelin II (minor). 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. Isolated from Broussonetia papyrifera, it exhibits inhibitory activity against phospholipase A2 and tyrosinase. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. Isolated from Broussonetia papyrifera, it exhibits inhibitory activity against phospholipase A2 and tyrosinase. The molecule is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted with hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 7, 3' and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 6 and 5'. 	
It is a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a bridged compound. 	It is a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a bridged compound. A potent and selective cannabinoid receptor type 2 (CB2 receptor) inverse agonist (Ki = 0.6 nM). 	
It derives from a flavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a flavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 2', 4' and 5'. 	
It is an azaarene, an aromatic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is an azaarene, an aromatic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. 	It is an azaarene, an aromatic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is isolated from Streptomyces sp. 	It is an azaarene, an aromatic ether and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is isolated from Streptomyces sp. The molecule is an azaarene that is benzo[c]cinnoline with methoxy substituents at positions 1 and 10. 	
It is a diketone, a pentol, an antibiotic antifungal agent and an oligomycin. 	It is a diketone, a pentol, an antibiotic antifungal agent and an oligomycin. An inhibitor of mitochondrial F1FO ATP synthase that induces apoptosis in a variety of cell types and exhibits antifungal, antitumour, and nematicidal activities, but its clinical application has been limited by poor solubility in water and other biocompatible solvents. 	It is a diketone, a pentol, an antibiotic antifungal agent and an oligomycin. An inhibitor of mitochondrial F1FO ATP synthase that induces apoptosis in a variety of cell types and exhibits antifungal, antitumour, and nematicidal activities, but its clinical application has been limited by poor solubility in water and other biocompatible solvents. The molecule is an oligomycin with formula C45H74011. 	
It is a conjugate base of a valerenic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a valerenic acid. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of valerenic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a malvidin. 	It derives from a malvidin. It has a role as a biological pigment and a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tatiopterin. 	It is a conjugate base of a tatiopterin. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a tatiopterin. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. The molecule is the organophosphate oxoanion and tetracarboxylic acid anion formed from tatiopterin by loss of a proton from the phospho group and from each of the four carboxy groups; major microspecies present at pH 7.3. 	
It is a hexaketide, a member of isocoumarins, a methyl ketone and a member of phenols. 	It is a hexaketide, a member of isocoumarins, a methyl ketone and a member of phenols. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	
It derives from a ferulic acid. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a polyphenol, a member of methoxybenzenes, a dicarboxylic acid and an olefinic compound. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a polyphenol, a member of methoxybenzenes, a dicarboxylic acid and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a polyphenol, a member of methoxybenzenes, a dicarboxylic acid and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. The molecule is a polyphenol composed of two molecules of ferulic acid joined by a bond between positions 8 and 5'. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Poria cocos. 	
It derives from a glycodeoxycholic acid. 	It derives from a glycodeoxycholic acid. The molecule is a bile acid glycine conjugate that is glycodeoxycholic acid in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. It is a diterpenoid, a monosaccharide derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a diterpene glycoside. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. It is a diterpenoid, a monosaccharide derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a diterpene glycoside. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. It is a diterpenoid, a monosaccharide derivative, a monocarboxylic acid and a diterpene glycoside. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from the fungus, Xylaria species. 	
It is a conjugate base of a mesaconic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a mesaconic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a mesaconic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion that is the conjugate base of mesaconic acid. 	
It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a dimethoxybenzene, a monomethoxybenzene and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a dimethoxybenzene, a monomethoxybenzene and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a cinnamate ester. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a cinnamate ester. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It is an anilide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It is a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpene and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It is a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpene and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. the methyl group furthest from the isopropenyl group) has R configuration instead of S. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine. It is a conjugate base of a caldopentamine(5+). 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine. It is a conjugate base of a caldopentamine(5+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine. It is a conjugate base of a caldopentamine(5+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a marine metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine. It is a conjugate base of a caldopentamine(5+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a marine metabolite. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of four of the five amino groups of caldopentamine. 	
It is a member of resorcinols and a benzoate ester. 	It is a member of resorcinols and a benzoate ester. It is isolated from Cytonaema sp. 	
It is a conjugate base of a desmethylxanthohumol. 	It is a conjugate base of a desmethylxanthohumol. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a quercetin. 	It derives from a quercetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a quercetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a monomethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy group at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It contains a night blue(1+). 	It contains a night blue(1+). It is an organic chloride salt and an iminium salt. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	
It derives from a taurine. 	It derives from a taurine. It has a role as a metabolite and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 	It derives from a taurine. It has a role as a metabolite and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is isolated from the sponge Dysidea avara, and exhibits inhibitory activity against tyrosine kinase. 	It derives from a taurine. It has a role as a metabolite and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is isolated from the sponge Dysidea avara, and exhibits inhibitory activity against tyrosine kinase. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid with a quinone and taurine functionality. 	
It derives from a C30 botryococcene. 	It derives from a C30 botryococcene. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a triterpenoid obtained by methylation at position 3 of botryococcene with concomitant double bond migration from position 2 to position 1. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'gallocyanin'. 	
It has a role as a drug metabolite, a serotonergic agonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	It has a role as a drug metabolite, a serotonergic agonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a metabolite of the antidepressant drug trazodone. 	
It derives from a losartan. 	It derives from a losartan. It is a biphenylyltetrazole, a member of imidazoles and an organochlorine compound. 	It derives from a losartan. It is a biphenylyltetrazole, a member of imidazoles and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a losartan. It is a biphenylyltetrazole, a member of imidazoles and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a biphenylyltetrazole that is losartan with the hydroxymethyl group at position 5 on the imidazole ring replaced with a carboxylic acid. 	
It is a member of benzofurans and a member of resorcinols. 	It is a member of benzofurans and a member of resorcinols. It is a lignan derivative isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea. 	
It derives from a malonic acid. 	It derives from a malonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a malonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens is substituted by a methyl group. 	
It derives from a malonic acid. 	It derives from a malonic acid. The molecule is the ureido derivative of malonic acid. 	
It is a gallate ester, a proanthocyanidin, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. 	It is a gallate ester, a proanthocyanidin, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It contains a hexaamminecobalt(3+). 	It contains a hexaamminecobalt(3+). The molecule is a cobalt coordination entity consisting of a hexaamminecobalt(III) cation in association with three chloride anions as counterions. 	
It is a triglyceride and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It is a triglyceride and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by myristic (tetradecanoic) acid. 	
It is an oligomycin, a triketone and a pentol. 	It is an oligomycin, a triketone and a pentol. It is a nonselective inhibitor of the mitochondrial F1F0 ATP synthase. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin H2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin H2. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a loperamide(1+). 	It contains a loperamide(1+). Used for treatment of diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. 	It contains a loperamide(1+). Used for treatment of diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining loperamide with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It derives from a proviolacein. 	It derives from a proviolacein. It is a member of hydroxyindoles, a member of pyrroles, a member of oxindoles and an olefinic compound. 	It derives from a proviolacein. It is a member of hydroxyindoles, a member of pyrroles, a member of oxindoles and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. 	It derives from a proviolacein. It is a member of hydroxyindoles, a member of pyrroles, a member of oxindoles and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a purple chromobacterial pigment that has antibacterial, antifungal, antiprotozoan, and anticancer properties. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an antigen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methoctramine(4+). 	It is a conjugate base of a methoctramine(4+). It is a tetramine and an aromatic ether. 	It is a conjugate base of a methoctramine(4+). It is a tetramine and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. 	
It has a role as a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug, a central nervous system drug and an antidyskinesia agent. 	It has a role as a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug, a central nervous system drug and an antidyskinesia agent. The molecule is a member of indolones and a tertiary amine. 	
It derives from an isovaleric acid. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It derives from an isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. The molecule is a germacranolide isolated from Neurolaena lobata and Austroeupatorium inulifolium and has been shown to exhibit antimalarial activity. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a member of tyramines. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a sulfonated xanthene dye of absorption wavelength 573 nm and emission wavelength 591 nm. 	
It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. Nocamycin E exhibits considerably lower antibacterial activity than the corresponding methyl ester, nocamycin I. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. Nocamycin E exhibits considerably lower antibacterial activity than the corresponding methyl ester, nocamycin I. The molecule is an organic heterotricyclic compound and tetramic acid derivative isolated from a mutant strain of Saccharothrix syringae. 	
It is an azo compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. 	It is an azo compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. It has a role as a dye. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glycodeoxycholic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a glycodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a butane. 	It derives from a hydride of a butane. The molecule is a secondary alcohol that is butane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. 	
It is a pyridinethione and a monohydroxypyridine. 	It is a pyridinethione and a monohydroxypyridine. It has a role as an ionophore. 	It is a pyridinethione and a monohydroxypyridine. It has a role as an ionophore. It is a Zn(2+) ionophore; the zinc salt is used as an antifungal and antibacterial agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cefpiramide. 	It is a conjugate base of a cefpiramide. The molecule is the anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of cefpiramide. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a conjugate acid of an oleanolate. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a conjugate acid of an oleanolate. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a conjugate acid of an oleanolate. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an A47934. 	It is a conjugate base of an A47934. The molecule is an organic anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy, sulfo and one of the hydroxy groups as well as protonation of the amino group of A47934; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is isolated from several plant species including Euphorbia, Epidendrum, Psychotria and Sideritis. 	
It is an amino heptasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino heptasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a vilanterol. 	It is a conjugate acid of a vilanterol. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a vilanterol. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of vilanterol, obtained by protonation of the secondary amino group. 	
It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, a lactam, a macrocycle, a polyphenol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 	It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, a lactam, a macrocycle, a polyphenol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. 	It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, a lactam, a macrocycle, a polyphenol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. The molecule is a member of the class of rifamycins that exhibits antibiotic and antitubercular properties. 	
It derives from a brassinolide. 	It derives from a brassinolide. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. 	It derives from a brassinolide. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. The molecule is a brassinosteroid that is brassinolide carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 26. 	
It derives from a luteone. 	It derives from a luteone. It is a methoxyisoflavone and a hydroxyisoflavone. 	
It is a conjugate base of a diphosphoric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a diphosphoric acid. It is a diphosphate ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a diphosphoric acid. It is a diphosphate ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of one of the phosphate OH groups in diphosphoric acid. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorite salt. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorite salt. It has a role as an oxidising agent. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorite salt. It has a role as an oxidising agent. The molecule is an inorganic sodium salt in which chlorite is the counterion. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.72 (methylsterol monooxygenase) inhibitor, a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 	
It derives from a debrisoquin. 	It derives from a debrisoquin. It is a glucosiduronic acid and a member of guanidines. 	
It is a member of phenylethanolamines and a phenethylamine alkaloid. 	It is a member of phenylethanolamines and a phenethylamine alkaloid. It has a role as a nasal decongestant, a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. The molecule is a methoxyisoflavone in which the methoxy group is located at position 4' together with three additional hydroxy substituents at positions 2' 5 and 7. 	
It is a cinnamate ester, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of oxolanes. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a cinnamate ester, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Tephrosia purpurea, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It derives from a cholesterol. 	It derives from a cholesterol. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 	
It is a hydroxypyridine, a pyridone and an enol. 	It is a hydroxypyridine, a pyridone and an enol. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a hydroxypyridine, a pyridone and an enol. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. A metabolite of the agrochemical, chlorpyrifos. 	
It derives from a muconic acid. 	It derives from a muconic acid. The molecule is an organochlorine compound and a pyridazinone. 	
It derives from an erucic acid. 	It derives from an erucic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. 	It derives from an erucic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is commonly used as a slip additive in the plastic manufacturing industry. 	It derives from an erucic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is commonly used as a slip additive in the plastic manufacturing industry. The molecule is a primary fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of erucic acid with ammonia. 	
It derives from a delphinidin. 	It derives from a delphinidin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a Reactive Blue 5 quinol form. 	It is a conjugate base of a Reactive Blue 5 quinol form. The molecule is the organosulfonate oxoanion that is the trianion of Reactive Blue 5 quinol form, obtained by loss of a proton from each of the sulfo groups; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It derives from a kaempferol. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It is a component of bee glue and isolated from several plant species including Tanacetum microphyllum. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It is a component of bee glue and isolated from several plant species including Tanacetum microphyllum. The molecule is a dimethoxyflavone that is kaempferol in which the hydroxy groups at position 3 and 4' have been replaced by methoxy groups. 	
It is a conjugate base of a coelichelin. 	It is a conjugate base of a coelichelin. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxamic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the three hydroxamic acid groups of coelichelin. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pseudooxynicotine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pseudooxynicotine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pseudooxynicotine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of pseudooxynicotine, obtained by protonation of the secondary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a benzoic acid. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is used as an intermediate in the synthesis of plasticisers, resins, pharmaceuticals, etc. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is used as an intermediate in the synthesis of plasticisers, resins, pharmaceuticals, etc. It has been isolated from Taxus baccata. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is used as an intermediate in the synthesis of plasticisers, resins, pharmaceuticals, etc. It has been isolated from Taxus baccata. The molecule is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid. It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:2 and a tetradecanoate ester. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a metronidazole. 	It is a conjugate acid of a metronidazole. The molecule is an organic cation resulting from the addition of a proton to metronidazole. 	
It derives from a syringic acid. 	It derives from a syringic acid. It is a benzoate ester, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a syringic acid. It is a benzoate ester, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a syringic acid. It is a benzoate ester, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of syringic acid with methanol. 	
It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a lipopeptide. 	It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a lipopeptide. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antimicrobial agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. The molecule is a lipopeptide that is isolated from Aspergillus aculeatus and exhibits antifungal activity. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a glycine derivative that is glycine with a tertiary butyl group at position 2. 	
It is a conjugate base of a member of abscisic acids. 	It is a conjugate base of a member of abscisic acids. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxy group of any member of the class of abscisic acids. 	
It derives from a platencin A1. 	It derives from a platencin A1. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. 	It derives from a platencin A1. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platencin A1. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	It derives from a platencin A1. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. The molecule is a polycyclic cage that is the methyl ester derivative of platencin A1. 	
It derives from a Renilla luciferin. 	It derives from a Renilla luciferin. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of phenols and an aromatic amide. 	It derives from a Renilla luciferin. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of phenols and an aromatic amide. It has a role as a member of oxidized luciferins. 	
It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 	It derives from a palmitoleic acid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a human metabolite. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Ophioglossum pedunculosum. 	
It has a role as a synthetic auxin. 	It has a role as a synthetic auxin. The molecule is a naphthylacetic acid substituted by a carboxymethyl group at position 1. 	
It has a role as a luciferin. 	It has a role as a luciferin. The molecule is a member of phenols and an imidazopyrazine. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. The molecule is a naturally occurring antibiotic and antitumor agent isolated from Actinomadura verrucosopora. 	
It is a cytochalasin, a macrocycle and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is a cytochalasin, a macrocycle and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. 	It is a cytochalasin, a macrocycle and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. The molecule is a cytochalasin isolated from a fungus Phoma sp. 	
It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine(1+). 	It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a dextrobupivacaine. 	
It is a conjugate base of a neutral red(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a neutral red(1+). It is a member of phenazines, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 	It is a conjugate base of a neutral red(1+). It is a member of phenazines, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound and an aromatic amine. The free base of neutral red, which acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. 	It is a conjugate base of a neutral red(1+). It is a member of phenazines, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound and an aromatic amine. The free base of neutral red, which acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. The molecule is a member of the class of phenazines carrying methyl, amino and dimethylamino substituents at positions 2, 3 and 7 respectively. 	
It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It has a role as a histological dye. 	It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It has a role as a histological dye. It is commonly used to stain embryo skeletons in cleared whole mounts, usually of small mammals. 	
It is a triglyceride and a decanoate ester. 	It is a triglyceride and a decanoate ester. The molecule is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by capric (decanoic) acid. 	
It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. 	It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. The molecule is a cytochalasan alkaloid found in Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium subaffine. 	
It has a role as a peptide probe and a peptide allergen. 	It has a role as a peptide probe and a peptide allergen. It is used a peptide probe, with the biotin moiety finding application in immunoassays. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a luteolin. 	It derives from a luteolin. It is a disaccharide derivative, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a glycosyloxyflavone. 	It derives from a luteolin. It is a disaccharide derivative, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a glycosyloxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It derives from a luteolin. It is a disaccharide derivative, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a glycosyloxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Globularia cordifolia and Globularia alypum, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a monomethoxybenzene, a volatile organic compound and a member of toluenes. 	It is a monomethoxybenzene, a volatile organic compound and a member of toluenes. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a flavouring agent. 	It is a monomethoxybenzene, a volatile organic compound and a member of toluenes. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a flavouring agent. 171 ) and food flavour ingredient, it is found in mastic oils, virgin olive oils and frankincense. 	It is a monomethoxybenzene, a volatile organic compound and a member of toluenes. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a flavouring agent. 171 ) and food flavour ingredient, it is found in mastic oils, virgin olive oils and frankincense. A 'green' solvent (b.p. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a trifluoroacetate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trifluoroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trifluoroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. It has a role as a reagent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trifluoroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. It has a role as a reagent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is the trifluoro derivative of acetic acid. 	
It is a sulfonium betaine and a carboxylic acid anion. 	It is a sulfonium betaine and a carboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phenols. 	It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phenols. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a diagnostic agent and an antidote. 	It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phenols. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a diagnostic agent and an antidote. It has also been used for the reversal of neuromuscular blockade in anaesthesia, and for the management of poisoning due to tetrodotoxin, a neuromuscular blocking toxin found in puffer fish and other marine animals. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. Isolated from the marine sponge Petrosia corticata, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a phenylethylamine, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid. 	It is a phenylethylamine, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allergen. 	It is a phenylethylamine, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allergen. It is an alkaloid isolated from the Cactaceae family. 	
It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin D1. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin D1. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of prostaglandin D1, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a levobunolol. 	It is a conjugate base of a levobunolol. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate base of a levobunolol. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the secondary amino function of levobunolol. 	
It is a conjugate base of a NADH. 	It is a conjugate base of a NADH. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen donor and a cofactor. 	It is a conjugate base of a NADH. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen donor and a cofactor. The molecule is dianion of NADH arising from deprotonation of the two diphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an isoflavone. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. 	It derives from an isoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavone which is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 6', methoxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. 	
It derives from a spheroidene. It is a carotenoid ether and a carotenol. 	It derives from a spheroidene. It is a carotenoid ether and a carotenol. The molecule is a carotenoid ether that is spheroidene substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aclacinomycin T and an aclacinomycin T zwitterion. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aclacinomycin T and an aclacinomycin T zwitterion. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aclacinomycin T and an aclacinomycin T zwitterion. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a quaternary ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of aclacinomycin T. 	
It contains an ethylaminium and a pivalate. 	It contains an ethylaminium and a pivalate. The molecule is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of pivalic acid and ethylamine. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a methyl ester. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C31H48O4, originally isolated from the roots of Tripterygium regelii. 	
It derives from a tetracenomycin C. 	It derives from a tetracenomycin C. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a coenzyme A. 	It derives from a coenzyme A. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. 	It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It has been isolated from the sponge,Hyattella species. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a barbituric acid. 	It derives from a barbituric acid. It has a role as an anaesthesia adjuvant, a GABA modulator and a sedative. 	
It derives from a glycerol and an anthranilic acid. 	It derives from a glycerol and an anthranilic acid. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a glycol, a carboxylic ester and an aminoquinoline. 	
It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 	It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle, an oxacycle and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle, an oxacycle and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is an eunicellin diterpenoid isolated from the soft coral Klyxum molle. 	
It derives from a glyoxal. 	It derives from a glyoxal. The molecule is an aldoxime obtained by formal condensation of glyoxal with two molar equivalents of hydroxylamine. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a component of essential oils from many plants. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a component of essential oils from many plants. The molecule is an isomer of pinene with an exocyclic double bond. 	
It is a ketoxime, an organobromine compound, a member of oxindoles and a biindole. 	It is a ketoxime, an organobromine compound, a member of oxindoles and a biindole. The molecule is a member of the class of biindoles that is indirubin substituted at position 6 by a bromo group and in which the keto group at position 3' has undergone condensation with hydroxylamine to form the corresponding oxime. 	
It derives from a coniferol. 	It derives from a coniferol. The molecule is a guaiacyl lignin obtained by cyclodimerisation of coniferol. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an acetoacetate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an acetoacetate. It derives from a butyric acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of an acetoacetate. It derives from a butyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an enantiomer of a dexmethylphenidate. 	It is an enantiomer of a dexmethylphenidate. It is the inactive enantiomer in the racemic drug methylphenidate. 	
It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. 	It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. It is a conjugate base of a vincristine(2+). 	It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. It is a conjugate base of a vincristine(2+). It is a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a member of formamides, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a vinca alkaloid. 	It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. It is a conjugate base of a vincristine(2+). It is a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a member of formamides, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a vinca alkaloid. It is used (commonly as the corresponding sulfate salt)as a chemotherapy drug for the treatment of leukaemia, lymphoma, myeloma, breast cancer and head and neck cancer. 	It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. It is a conjugate base of a vincristine(2+). It is a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a member of formamides, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a vinca alkaloid. It is used (commonly as the corresponding sulfate salt)as a chemotherapy drug for the treatment of leukaemia, lymphoma, myeloma, breast cancer and head and neck cancer. The molecule is a vinca alkaloid with formula C46H56N4O10 found in the Madagascar periwinkle, Catharanthus roseus. 	
It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 	It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. It derives from a diosgenin. 	It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. It derives from a diosgenin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. It derives from a diosgenin. It has a role as a metabolite. Found in several plant species including yams, asparagus and funugreek. 	
It is an epoxide, a cyclic ketone and a primary allylic alcohol. 	It is an epoxide, a cyclic ketone and a primary allylic alcohol. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	
It is an aldehyde, a member of piperidines, an imidazobenzazepine and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is an aldehyde, a member of piperidines, an imidazobenzazepine and a tertiary amino compound. An antihistamine used for treatment of allergic conjunctivitis. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Brucea antidysenterica, it exhibits in vitro cytotoxicity towards several human tumour cell lines. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Brucea antidysenterica, it exhibits in vitro cytotoxicity towards several human tumour cell lines. The molecule is a quassinoid that is the dihydro derivative of bruceanol D. 	
It is an alkyl alcohol and a primary alcohol. 	It is an alkyl alcohol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite. 	
It has a role as a eukaryotic metabolite and a signalling molecule. 	It has a role as a eukaryotic metabolite and a signalling molecule. A secreted, chlorinated molecule that controls cell fate during development of Dictyostelium cells. 	
It is an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. 	It is an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a member of antiauxins. 	It is an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a member of antiauxins. It is an auxin polar transport inhibitor. 	It is an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a member of antiauxins. It is an auxin polar transport inhibitor. The molecule is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 3 and 5 are replaced by iodine atoms. 	
It is a conjugate base of a noreugenin. 	It is a conjugate base of a noreugenin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a noreugenin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a triyne, a ynamide and a primary carboxamide. 	It is a triyne, a ynamide and a primary carboxamide. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a triyne, a ynamide and a primary carboxamide. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a triyne amide produced by the Brazilian fungus Agrocybe perfecta (Basidiomycota). 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. Isolated from the culture broth of Penicillium, it acts as a selective inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase. 	
It is a conjugate base of a propafenone(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a propafenone(1+). It is a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a conjugate base of a propafenone(1+). It is a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and an aromatic ketone. It is a class 1C antiarrhythmic drug with local anesthetic effects, and is used as the hydrochloride salt in the management of supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is heptadecanal carrying a double bond at position 16. 	
It derives from a strophanthidin. 	It derives from a strophanthidin. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Holothuria scabra, it exhibits cytotoxic activity against human carcinoma cells. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is a monosodium salt of holothurin A4 acid. 	
It is an aromatic ether and an organoiodine compound. 	It is an aromatic ether and an organoiodine compound. The molecule is an organoiodine compound that is iodobenzene substituted by methoxy group at psotion 2. 	
It derives from a myricetin. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Combretum quadrangulare. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Combretum quadrangulare. The molecule is a tetramethoxyflavone that is myricetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7, 4' and 5' have been replaced by methoxy groups. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of pterocarpans. 	It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of pterocarpans. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of pterocarpans. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. 	
It derives from a diethylene glycol. 	It derives from a diethylene glycol. It is a diether, a primary alcohol and a hydroxypolyether. 	It derives from a diethylene glycol. It is a diether, a primary alcohol and a hydroxypolyether. It has a role as a protic solvent. 	
It is a cladoniamide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a dicarboximide, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. 	It is a cladoniamide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a dicarboximide, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. It has been isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces uncialis. The molecule is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is cladoniamide B in which both of the chlorines are replaced by hydrogen. 	
It derives from a hydride of a decane. 	It derives from a hydride of a decane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a decane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a methyl ketone that is decane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. 	
It is a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and a substituted aniline. 	It is a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and a substituted aniline. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an adrenergic agent, an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and an anticonvulsant. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a nematicide. The molecule is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 	
It derives from a nonanoic acid. 	It derives from a nonanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an esculetin. 	It derives from an esculetin. It has a role as an antioxidant and a metabolite. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a diterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a diterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a maltotriose trisaccharide and a glucotriose. 	It is a maltotriose trisaccharide and a glucotriose. The molecule is a maltotriose trisaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the pyranose form. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin E2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin E2. The molecule is a prostaglandins E. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid that is octadecanoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 9 and 10. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a strictosidine aglycone. 	It is a conjugate acid of a strictosidine aglycone. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a strictosidine aglycone. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is conjugate acid of strictosidine aglycone arising from deprotonation of the secondary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It contains a quininib(1+). 	It contains a quininib(1+). It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor. 	It contains a quininib(1+). It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of quininib and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a conjugate base of a FR901469(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a FR901469(1+). It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a member of phenols, a member of pyrrolidines and a macrocycle. 	It is a conjugate base of a FR901469(1+). It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a member of phenols, a member of pyrrolidines and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antifungal agent. 	It is a conjugate base of a FR901469(1+). It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a member of phenols, a member of pyrrolidines and a macrocycle. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is isolated from an unidentified Fungus and exhibits antifungal activity. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenchromate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenchromate. It has a role as an oxidising agent. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenchromate. It has a role as an oxidising agent. The molecule is a chromium oxoacid. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is one of the most commonly occurring triterpenoids in higher plants. 	
It is a macrolide, a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a diol and an aliphatic nitrile. 	It is a macrolide, a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a diol and an aliphatic nitrile. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antimalarial. 	It is a macrolide, a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a diol and an aliphatic nitrile. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antimalarial. The molecule is a macrolide that is isolated from several Streptomyces species and displays antibiotic, antineoplastic and antimalarial properties. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a cholesterol ester obtained by the formal condensation of cholesterol with behenic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a butamben(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a butamben(1+). It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline, an amino acid ester and a primary amino compound. 	It is a conjugate base of a butamben(1+). It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline, an amino acid ester and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. 	It is a conjugate base of a butamben(1+). It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline, an amino acid ester and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. Its local anaesthetic properties have been used for surface anaesthesia of the skin and mucous membranes, and for relief of pain and itching associated with some anorectal disorders. 	
It derives from a conanine. 	It derives from a conanine. It is a steroid alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. 	It derives from a conanine. It is a steroid alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It has been isolated from the plant species of the family Apocynaceae. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid and a heptadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid and a heptadecanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 37:4 in which the acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as heptadecanoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. 	
It is a conjugate base of an ethylaminium. 	It is a conjugate base of an ethylaminium. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene. 	It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonin uptake inhibitor and an anxiolytic drug. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. The major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a senecionine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a senecionine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a senecionine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group of senecionine; major structure at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a doxorubicin. 	It derives from a doxorubicin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a chloroacetic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a chloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. 	
It derives from an octanoic acid. 	It derives from an octanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of benzenes and a thiadiazolidine. 	It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of benzenes and a thiadiazolidine. Currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy. 	
It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). 	It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate and an iron molecular entity. 	It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate and an iron molecular entity. It is obtained from the heptahydrate by heating above 65. 	It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). It is a hydrate and an iron molecular entity. It is obtained from the heptahydrate by heating above 65. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of iron(2+) sulfate. 	
It is an organic disulfide, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an organic disulfide, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pavine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a pavine(1+). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from an octanoic acid. 	It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a lipoic acid, a heterocyclic fatty acid, a thia fatty acid and a member of dithiolanes. 	It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a lipoic acid, a heterocyclic fatty acid, a thia fatty acid and a member of dithiolanes. Not found in nature, it may exert detrimental effects on biosystems. 	
It is a dialdehyde, an olefinic compound and an iridoid monoterpenoid. 	It is a dialdehyde, an olefinic compound and an iridoid monoterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	It is a dialdehyde, an olefinic compound and an iridoid monoterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It has been found to occur in pheromones of insects such as aphids. 	
It derives from an aklavinone. 	It derives from an aklavinone. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline antibiotic, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an aromatic ether, a methyl ester and an acenoquinone. 	It derives from an aklavinone. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline antibiotic, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an aromatic ether, a methyl ester and an acenoquinone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic oligonucleotide, an organophosphate oxoanion and an adenyl ribonucleotide. 	It is a cyclic oligonucleotide, an organophosphate oxoanion and an adenyl ribonucleotide. The molecule is cyclic hexaadenylate; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as an antidepressant. 	It has a role as an antidepressant. The molecule is a duloxetine hydrochloride in which the duloxetine moiety has S configuration. 	
It is a member of azobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a dye and a mutagen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a homoisocitric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a homoisocitric acid. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid monoanion. 	
It derives from an adipic acid. 	It derives from an adipic acid. The molecule is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is adipic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an amino group. 	
It has a role as a micronutrient. 	It has a role as a micronutrient. The molecule is a nonmetal atom, a boron group element atom and a metalloid atom. 	
It derives from a hydride of an icosane. 	It derives from a hydride of an icosane. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	
It is an oxacephem and a cephalosporin. 	It is an oxacephem and a cephalosporin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	
It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 	It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a fatty alcohol that is undecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'Gallamin blue'. 	
