It is a member of pterocarpans, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of pterocarpans, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of pterocarpans, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of pterocarpans carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 6a and 9 as well as prenyl and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. 	
It has a role as a histological dye. 	It has a role as a histological dye. A biological stain, it can be used interchangeably with its disodium salt, Amido Black 10B. 	
It contains a neutral red(1+). 	It contains a neutral red(1+). Neutral red acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. 	It contains a neutral red(1+). Neutral red acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining the free base of neutral red with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is an alkaloid, a member of cylindrospermopsins, an organic sulfate, a pyrimidone, a secondary alcohol and a triazaacenaphthylene. 	It is an alkaloid, a member of cylindrospermopsins, an organic sulfate, a pyrimidone, a secondary alcohol and a triazaacenaphthylene. It has a role as a cyanotoxin, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a genotoxin and a hepatotoxic agent. 	It is an alkaloid, a member of cylindrospermopsins, an organic sulfate, a pyrimidone, a secondary alcohol and a triazaacenaphthylene. It has a role as a cyanotoxin, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a genotoxin and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a cyanotoxin produced by several species of freshwater cyanobacteria, such as Aphanizomenon ovalisporum. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lactobionic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a lactobionic acid. The molecule is a gluconate that is the conjugate base of lactobionic acid arising from the deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a heme a and a ferriheme. 	It is a heme a and a ferriheme. It has a role as a cofactor. 	
It contains a betaxolol. 	It contains a betaxolol. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of betaxolol. 	
It derives from an acibenzolar. 	It derives from an acibenzolar. It is a benzothiadiazole and a thioester. 	It derives from an acibenzolar. It is a benzothiadiazole and a thioester. It has a role as a plant activator, an antifungal agrochemical and a profungicide. 	It derives from an acibenzolar. It is a benzothiadiazole and a thioester. It has a role as a plant activator, an antifungal agrochemical and a profungicide. A profungicide (by hydrolysis of the thioester group to give the corresponding carboxylic acid), it is used as a fungicide and plant activator on a variety of crops, including cotton, chili peppers, lettuce, onions, spinach, tobacco, and tomatoes. 	
It derives from a methyl cyanoacetate. 	It derives from a methyl cyanoacetate. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a nitrile and a methyl ester. 	It derives from a methyl cyanoacetate. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a nitrile and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid isolated from the leaves of Eremophila mitchellii. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino oligosaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a tautomer of a carnosine. 	It is a tautomer of a carnosine. It is a conjugate acid of a carnosinate. 	It is a tautomer of a carnosine. It is a conjugate acid of a carnosinate. The molecule is zwitterionic form of carnosine. 	
It derives from a riddelliine. 	It derives from a riddelliine. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an olefinic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amine oxide, a primary alcohol and a diol. 	It derives from a riddelliine. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an olefinic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amine oxide, a primary alcohol and a diol. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin, a Jacobaea metabolite, a mutagen, a rat metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a cyclic ether. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid commonly found in potatoes. 	
It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. A semisynthetic analogue of camptothecin, it is an inhibitor of topoisomerase I. 	
It is a heptasaccharide derivative and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is a heptasaccharide derivative and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a mesaconic acid. 	It derives from a mesaconic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. The molecule is a carboxyalkyl phosphate that is octadecanoic acid carrying a phosphonooxy substituent at position 12. 	
It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. 	It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. It is a hydroxamic acid and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. 	It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. It is a hydroxamic acid and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. It is a hydroxamic acid and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. A histone deacetylase inhibitor, it is marketed under the name Zolinza for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL). 	It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. It is a hydroxamic acid and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. A histone deacetylase inhibitor, it is marketed under the name Zolinza for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL). The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid diamide comprising suberic (octanedioic) acid coupled to aniline and hydroxylamine. 	
It derives from a cob(III)yrinic acid a,c diamide. 	It derives from a cob(III)yrinic acid a,c diamide. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic ketone, a carboxylic ester, a tertiary alcohol and a sesquiterpenoid. 	It is a cyclic ketone, a carboxylic ester, a tertiary alcohol and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It is a cyclic ketone, a carboxylic ester, a tertiary alcohol and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an antiplasmodial drug isolated from a Caribbean gorgonian coral Eunicea sp. 	
It is a tautomer of a vancomycin aglycone. 	It is a tautomer of a vancomycin aglycone. The molecule is a peptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of vancomycin aglycone. 	
It contains a distigmine. 	It contains a distigmine. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic bromide salt. 	It contains a distigmine. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic bromide salt. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. 	It contains a distigmine. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic bromide salt. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an anticholinesterase drug used for the treatment of myasthenia gravis and postoperative urinary retention. 	It contains a distigmine. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic bromide salt. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an anticholinesterase drug used for the treatment of myasthenia gravis and postoperative urinary retention. The molecule is an organic bromide salt of distigmine. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a homocarnosine that has S configuration. 	
It has a role as a phytoestrogen, an antibacterial agent, a plant metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. 	It has a role as a phytoestrogen, an antibacterial agent, a plant metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. The molecule is a member of the class of pterocarpans carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 6a and 9. 	
It contains a hydrogencarbonate. 	It contains a hydrogencarbonate. It has a role as an antacid and a food anticaking agent. 	
It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. 	It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dihydroferulic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a dihydroferulic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a dihydroferulic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dihydroferulic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a quercetagetin. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenborate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenborate. It is a conjugate base of a boric acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenborate. It is a conjugate base of a boric acid. The molecule is a borate ion. 	
It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. A tetracyline antibiotic, it is used to treat acne, urinary tract infections, gum disease, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. A tetracyline antibiotic, it is used to treat acne, urinary tract infections, gum disease, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia. The molecule is tetracycline in which the hydrogen at position 7 is substituted by chlorine and a hydrogen attached to the amide nitrogen is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group. 	
It is a member of pterocarpans, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of pterocarpans, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a phytoalexin and a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of pterocarpans, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a phytoalexin and a plant metabolite. A phytoalexin found in pods of garden peas (Pisum sativum) and other plants of the pea family, including Tephrosia candida. 	
It contains a thionine cation. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	It contains a thionine cation. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is also a common nuclear stain and can be used for the demonstration of Nissl substance in nerve cells of the CNS. 	It contains a thionine cation. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is also a common nuclear stain and can be used for the demonstration of Nissl substance in nerve cells of the CNS. A strongly metachromatic dye, useful for the staining of acid mucopolysaccharides. 	
It contains a kanamycin A. 	It contains a kanamycin A. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It contains a kanamycin A. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. The molecule is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. 	
It is a conjugate base of an amfenac. 	It is a conjugate base of an amfenac. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an amfenac. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is an oxo monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of amfenac. 	
It is a conjugate base of a fumonisin B1. 	It is a conjugate base of a fumonisin B1. It is an ammonium ion derivative and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a fumonisin B1. It is an ammonium ion derivative and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. This is the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a fumonisin B1. It is an ammonium ion derivative and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. This is the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a tetracarboxylic acid anion resulting from the protonation of the amino group and the deprotonation of all four carboxy groups of fumonisin B1. 	
It is an amino disaccharide and a methyl glycoside. 	It is an amino disaccharide and a methyl glycoside. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is an oxo carboxylic acid, an ether and an aldehyde. 	It is an oxo carboxylic acid, an ether and an aldehyde. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an oxo carboxylic acid, an ether and an aldehyde. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an oxo carboxylic acid that is propanal substituted by a carboxyethoxy group at position 2. 	
It is a member of purines and a methyl ester. 	It is a member of purines and a methyl ester. The molecule is a methyl ester that is purine bearing a methoxycarbonyl substituent at position 6. 	
It derives from an ethanolamine. 	It derives from an ethanolamine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug, an alkylating agent and a radiosensitizing agent. 	It derives from an ethanolamine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug, an alkylating agent and a radiosensitizing agent. Used as a radiosensitising agent for hypoxic tumour cells. 	
It derives from a hydride of a drimane. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a primary alcohol, a homoallylic alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It derives from a hydride of a drimane. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a primary alcohol, a homoallylic alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a fungal metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, an antifeedant and a marine metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a drimane. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a primary alcohol, a homoallylic alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a fungal metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, an antifeedant and a marine metabolite. It exhibits fish antifeedant, antifungal and antineoplastic activities. 	
It derives from a kaempferol. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a disaccharide derivative. 	It derives from a kaempferol. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a disaccharide derivative. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a stilbenoid and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a stilbenoid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a stilbenoid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from Pholidota yunnanensis, it exhibits inhibitory effects on production of nitric oxide. 	
It derives from an eriodictyol. 	It derives from an eriodictyol. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor. 	It derives from an eriodictyol. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor. Isolated from the flowers of Chrysanthemum indicum, it exhibits inhibitory activity for rat lens aldose reductase. 	
It is an azaspiro compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 	It is an azaspiro compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is an azaspiro compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a marine metabolite isolated from Vietnamese pufferfish Tetraodon biocellatus and a potential intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway leading to the synthesis of tetrodotoxin. 	
It is a furonaphthodioxole, a lignan and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 	It is a furonaphthodioxole, a lignan and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It is found in the roots and rhizomes of Podophyllum species and is used for the topical treatment of genital warts. 	
It is a diterpenoid, a diol, a secondary alcohol, a polycyclic ether, an oxacycle, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. 	It is a diterpenoid, a diol, a secondary alcohol, a polycyclic ether, an oxacycle, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. The molecule is a diterpenoid natural product obtained from the cyanobacterium Tolypothrix nodosa. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. The molecule is a meroterpenoid found in Penicillium rubrum. 	
It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of naphthols, a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes, a member of ureas and an aromatic ether. 	It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of naphthols, a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes, a member of ureas and an aromatic ether. The trisodium salt is a direct cotton dye that is also capable of hydrogen bonding to amyloid and giving a dark enough red colour to be useful in diagnostic histology. 	It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of naphthols, a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes, a member of ureas and an aromatic ether. The trisodium salt is a direct cotton dye that is also capable of hydrogen bonding to amyloid and giving a dark enough red colour to be useful in diagnostic histology. The molecule is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of the dye benzo scarlet 4BNS. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino trisaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino trisaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 	It derives from a hydride of an estrane. It has a role as an estrogen and a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a quinine and a quinine(1+). 	It derives from a quinine and a quinine(1+). The molecule is a cinchona alkaloid. 	
It is a cyclopentapyran, a lactol, an iridoid monoterpenoid and an aldehyde. 	It is a cyclopentapyran, a lactol, an iridoid monoterpenoid and an aldehyde. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a raffinose family oligosaccharide and a trisaccharide. 	It is a raffinose family oligosaccharide and a trisaccharide. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a delavirdine. 	It contains a delavirdine. Viral resistance emerges rapidly when delavirdine is used alone, so it is therefore used (as the methanesulfonic acid salt) with other antiretrovirals for combination therapy of HIV infection. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a secondary alcohol, a trisaccharide derivative, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a secondary alcohol, a trisaccharide derivative, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a secondary alcohol, a trisaccharide derivative, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the whole plants of Ardisia japonica and exhibits significant cytotoxicity against a panel of human cancer cell lines. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pentylglucosinolate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pentylglucosinolate. The molecule is an alkylglucosinolic acid that has pentyl as the alkyl group. 	
It is a NAD(P)H and a NAD. 	It is a NAD(P)H and a NAD. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. 	
It derives from a ferulic acid. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a laudanine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a laudanine(1+). It derives from a norlaudanosoline. 	It is a conjugate base of a laudanine(1+). It derives from a norlaudanosoline. It is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline, a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tricosane. 	It derives from a hydride of a tricosane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. It is an organic peroxide and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antiplasmodial drug. Isolated from Artemisia stolonifera and Eupatorium rufescens, it exhibits antineoplastic and antiplasmodial activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of an acetoacetic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an acetoacetic acid. It derives from a butyrate. 	It is a conjugate base of an acetoacetic acid. It derives from a butyrate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hydroxyversicolorone. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydroxyversicolorone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydroxyversicolorone. It has a role as a metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a conjugate base of a kanamycin X. 	It is a conjugate base of a kanamycin X. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate base of a kanamycin X. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the primary amino groups of kanamycin X. 	
It is a lathyrane diterpenoid and a benzoate ester. 	It is a lathyrane diterpenoid and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. 	It is a lathyrane diterpenoid and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. The molecule is a lathyrane diterpenoid isolated from the roots of Euphorbia micractina. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and a breast cancer resistance protein inhibitor. 	It has a role as a metabolite and a breast cancer resistance protein inhibitor. Isolated from Macaranga bicolor, it exhibits inhibitory activity against breast cancer resistance protein. 	
It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. 	It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. The molecule is a carbamate ester. 	
It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the stems of Erythrina abyssinica and displays moderate cytotoxic effect against human colorectal cancer cell line. 	
It derives from an adenine. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a mutagen and a teratogenic agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of an orlandin. 	It is a conjugate base of an orlandin. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tensyuic acid, a methyl ester and a dicarboxylic acid. 	It is a tensyuic acid, a methyl ester and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	
It is a member of purines, a member of morpholines, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of purines, a member of morpholines, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a cell dedifferentiation agent, an adenosine A3 receptor antagonist and an Aurora kinase inhibitor. 	
It derives from a chavicol. 	It derives from a chavicol. It is an acetate ester and a phenylpropanoid. 	It derives from a chavicol. It is an acetate ester and a phenylpropanoid. The molecule is an acetate ester that is chavicol acetate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 1'. 	
It is a conjugate base of an andrastin A. 	It is a conjugate base of an andrastin A. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tet.2013.07.029 It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. 	It is a conjugate base of an andrastin A. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tet.2013.07.029 It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. Major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an andrastin A. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tet.2013.07.029 It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. Major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is an enolate anion resulting from the deprotonation of the enol group of andrastin A. 	
It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a methoxyflavone. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a methoxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a methoxyflavone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a biflavonoid isolated from Cephalotaxus wilsoniana and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a fingolimod. 	It is a conjugate acid of a fingolimod. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of fingolimod. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 	It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. It is a primary alcohol, a glycol and a tertiary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. It is a primary alcohol, a glycol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a rat metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. A fluorescent dye of excitation wavelength 403 nm and emission wavelength 455 nm. 	It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. A fluorescent dye of excitation wavelength 403 nm and emission wavelength 455 nm. The molecule is a hydroxycoumarin having the hydroxy group located at position 7 and bearing two fluoro substituents at positions 6 and 8 as well as a carboxy group at position 3. 	
It contains an imetit(2+). 	It contains an imetit(2+). Centrally active following systemic administration. Induces shape change in eosinophils with an EC50 of 25 nM. 	It contains an imetit(2+). Centrally active following systemic administration. Induces shape change in eosinophils with an EC50 of 25 nM. An extremely potent, high affinity agonist at H3 and H4 receptors (Ki values are 0.3 and 2.7 nM respectively). The molecule is a hydrobromide salt obtained by reaction of imetit with two equivalents of hydrobromic acid. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a pyruvate ester and a methyl ester. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a pyruvate ester and a methyl ester. The molecule is a pyruvate ester resultinf grom the formal condensation of the carboxy group of pyruvic acid with the hydroxy group of methanol. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an aminonicotinic acid in which the amino group is situated at position 2 of the pyridine ring. 	
It derives from a fumitremorgin C. 	It derives from a fumitremorgin C. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a diol. 	It derives from a fumitremorgin C. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a diol. The molecule is an indole alkaloid that is fumitremorgin C substituted at positions 12 and 13 by hydroxy groups. 	
It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, a dermatologic drug, a prodrug, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, a dermatologic drug, a prodrug, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. Used (in the form of the hydrochloride salt)in combination with blue light illumination for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratosis of the face or scalp. 	It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, a dermatologic drug, a prodrug, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. Used (in the form of the hydrochloride salt)in combination with blue light illumination for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratosis of the face or scalp. It is metabolised to protoporphyrin IX, a photoactive compound which accumulates in the skin. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a formamide. 	It derives from a formamide. It is a member of formamides and an alicyclic compound. 	It derives from a formamide. It is a member of formamides and an alicyclic compound. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a formamide. It is a member of formamides and an alicyclic compound. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of formamides that is cyclohexane substituted by a formamido group. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pyridine. 	It derives from a hydride of a pyridine. The molecule is a member of the class of methylpyridines that is pyridine carrying methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. 	
It derives from a hydride of a gammacerane. 	It derives from a hydride of a gammacerane. It derives from a tetrahymanol. 	It derives from a hydride of a gammacerane. It derives from a tetrahymanol. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a hydride of a gammacerane. It derives from a tetrahymanol. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from an egonol and a linoleic acid. 	It derives from an egonol and a linoleic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an egonol and a linoleic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the fruits of Styrax agrestis, it exhibits inhibitory activity against acetylcholinesterase. 	It derives from an egonol and a linoleic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. Isolated from the fruits of Styrax agrestis, it exhibits inhibitory activity against acetylcholinesterase. The molecule is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of egonol with linoleic acid. 	
It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. 	It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. A xenobiotic metabolite produced by certain strains of bacteria exposed to tellurium containing compounds. The molecule is an organotellurium compound in which the tellurium atom is covalently bonded to two methyl groups. 	
It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a cyclic ether. 	It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a cyclic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from the stem barks of Garcinia vieillardii, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lonazolac. 	It is a conjugate base of a lonazolac. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of lonazolac, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a loperamide. 	It is a conjugate acid of a loperamide. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a loperamide. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino function of loperamide. 	
It derives from a benzyl alcohol. 	It derives from a benzyl alcohol. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite. 	
It has a role as a diagnostic agent. 	It has a role as a diagnostic agent. It is used diagnostically to investigate adrenocortical insufficiency. A segment similar in all species, it contains the biological activity that stimulates production of corticosteroids in the adrenal cortex. 	
It derives from an erythronolide B. It is a glycoside, a macrolide and a monosaccharide derivative. 	It derives from an erythronolide B. It is a glycoside, a macrolide and a monosaccharide derivative. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hexadecanedioic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a hexadecanedioic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a hexadecanedioic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of hexadecanedioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a bromosuccinate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a bromosuccinate. It derives from a succinic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a bromosuccinate. It derives from a succinic acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted at position 2 by a bromine atom. 	
It is a primary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 	It is a primary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. 	It is a primary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. The molecule is a primary alcohol that is heptane which is substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and a hydroxy group at position 1. 	
It derives from a propionic acid. 	It derives from a propionic acid. It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an antimycobacterial drug and a mycotoxin. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a BGT226 free base. 	It is a conjugate acid of a BGT226 free base. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. 	It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. hD4, hD2S, hD2L and rD2 receptors respectively). 	It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. hD4, hD2S, hD2L and rD2 receptors respectively). Dopamine receptor antagonist with preferential action at presynaptic receptors (pKi values are 6.95, 6.67, 6.37, 6.21 and 6.07 at hD3. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It contains a trazodone. 	It contains a trazodone. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt prepared from equimolar amounts of trazodone and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid anion, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a carbohydrate acid anion. 	It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid anion, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a carbohydrate acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from an apigenin. 	It derives from an apigenin. It has a role as an antinematodal drug and an antioxidant. 	
It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ketone, a lactam, an organic disulfide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a dithiol and a diol. 	It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ketone, a lactam, an organic disulfide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a dithiol and a diol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a phenol. 	It derives from a phenol. It is a member of phenyl acetates and a member of benzenes. 	It derives from a phenol. It is a member of phenyl acetates and a member of benzenes. The molecule is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of phenol with acetic acid. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is an oxazolidinone, a carbamate ester, a member of naphthalenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a dicarboximide. 	It is an oxazolidinone, a carbamate ester, a member of naphthalenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a dicarboximide. It has a role as a teichoic acid biosynthesis inhibitor. 	It is an oxazolidinone, a carbamate ester, a member of naphthalenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a dicarboximide. It has a role as a teichoic acid biosynthesis inhibitor. An inhibitor of teichoic acid biosynthesis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a quinclorac. 	It is a conjugate base of a quinclorac. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a quinclorac. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of quinclorac. 	
It derives from a fumaric acid. 	It derives from a fumaric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a member of acetophenones and a member of toluenes. 	It is a member of acetophenones and a member of toluenes. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an acaricide and a flavouring agent. 	It is a member of acetophenones and a member of toluenes. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an acaricide and a flavouring agent. The molecule is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. The monounsaturated analogue of the endocannabinoid anandamide It has a role as a PPARalpha agonist and an EC 3.5.1.23 (ceramidase) inhibitor. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a SB 224289. 	It is a conjugate acid of a SB 224289. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a SB 224289. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of SB 224289, arising from protonation of the tertiary amino function. 	
It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a central nervous system depressant and a GABA agonist. 	It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a central nervous system depressant and a GABA agonist. It acts as a central nervous system depressant, GABA agonist and muscle relaxant. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a dehypoxanthine futalosinate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dehypoxanthine futalosinate. It derives from a futalosine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dehypoxanthine futalosinate. It derives from a futalosine. The molecule is an analogue of futalosine lacking the hypoxanthine moiety. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenborate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenborate. It has a role as an astringent. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenborate. It has a role as an astringent. The molecule is a member of boric acids. 	
It has a role as a coral metabolite. 	It has a role as a coral metabolite. It is isolated from Hainan soft coral Dendronephthya studeri. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a senecionine. 	It derives from a senecionine. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and a triol. 	It derives from a senecionine. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and a triol. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a dipeptide and a methyl ester. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a dipeptide and a methyl ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. The molecule is a sulfonamide that is sulfanilamide acylated on the sulfonamide nitrogen. 	
It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. 	It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. The molecule is a sphingoid that is hexadecasphinganine substituted at position 15 by a methyl group. 	
It derives from a melatonin. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides, a member of tryptamines and a member of hydroxyindoles. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides, a member of tryptamines and a member of hydroxyindoles. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides, a member of tryptamines and a member of hydroxyindoles. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. A predominant hydroxylated melatonin metabolite in plants. 	It derives from a melatonin. It is a member of acetamides, a member of tryptamines and a member of hydroxyindoles. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. A predominant hydroxylated melatonin metabolite in plants. The molecule is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is melatonin in which the hydrogen at position 2 of the indole ring has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a novamethymycin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a novamethymycin. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a novamethymycin. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of novamethymycin, obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It contains a butenafine. 	It contains a butenafine. It is a hydrochloride and an ammonium salt. 	It contains a butenafine. It is a hydrochloride and an ammonium salt. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. 	It contains a butenafine. It is a hydrochloride and an ammonium salt. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. An inhibitor of squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes, it is used for treatment of dermatological fungal infections. 	It contains a butenafine. It is a hydrochloride and an ammonium salt. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. An inhibitor of squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes, it is used for treatment of dermatological fungal infections. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of butenafine. 	
It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as an antimalarial and a fungal metabolite. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as an antimalarial and a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Wardomyces anomalus. 	
It is an organic thiophosphate and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an organic thiophosphate and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an insecticide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	
It derives from a quercetagetin. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a member of flavonols, a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a member of flavonols, a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. The molecule is a trimethoxyflavone that is quercetagetin methylated at positions 4', 6 and 7. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a trichlorobenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. 	It is a trichlorobenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a synthetic auxin. 	It is a trichlorobenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a synthetic auxin. An obsolete herbicide that was used as its sodium and ammonium salts. 	It is a trichlorobenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a synthetic auxin. An obsolete herbicide that was used as its sodium and ammonium salts. The molecule is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which the phenyl group has been substituted by chlorines at positions 2, 3, and 6. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a rucaparib. 	It is a conjugate acid of a rucaparib. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a rucaparib. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the secondary amino function of rucaparib. 	
It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. It has a role as an antimalarial and a metabolite. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. It has a role as an antimalarial and a metabolite. It is a naphthylisoquinoline alkaloid found in Triphyophyllum peltatum. 	
It is an epoxide and an organobromine compound. It has a role as a mutagen. 	It is an epoxide and an organobromine compound. It has a role as a mutagen. The molecule is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a bromomethyl group at position 2. 	
It derives from a flavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a flavone. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a monohydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 7 respectively. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino pentasaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino pentasaccharide. The molecule is a branched amino pentasaccharide comprising one fucose, two galactose, one glucosamine and one glucose unit (at the reducing end), linked as shown. 	
It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. 	It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a scalarane sesterterpenoid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It has been isolated from the sponge, Hyattella species. 	
It derives from a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from the marine brown alga, Ecklonia cava, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of an agroclavine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of an agroclavine(1+). The molecule is an ergot alkaloid that is ergoline which contains a double bond between positions 8 and 9, and which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 6 and 8. 	
It derives from a thromboxane A2. 	It derives from a thromboxane A2. It is a thromboxanes A, an epoxy monocarboxylic acid, a secondary allylic alcohol and a diol. 	It derives from a thromboxane A2. It is a thromboxanes A, an epoxy monocarboxylic acid, a secondary allylic alcohol and a diol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a thromboxane A2. It is a thromboxanes A, an epoxy monocarboxylic acid, a secondary allylic alcohol and a diol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a thromboxane A that is thromboxane A2 carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 19. 	
It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is an amino sugar phosphate. 	
It is a sulfoxide, a member of cyclopropanes and a member of benzenes. 	It is a sulfoxide, a member of cyclopropanes and a member of benzenes. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a sulfoxide, a member of cyclopropanes and a member of benzenes. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	
It derives from an estrone. 	It derives from an estrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a calciol. 	It derives from a calciol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It has a role as an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. 	It has a role as an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. The molecule is a complex organic heteropentacyclic compound that is a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor used in combination with sofosbuvir (under the brand name Epclusa) for treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C of all six major genotypes. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of tetralins, an organoiodine compound and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of tetralins, an organoiodine compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of tetralins, an organoiodine compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. This ligand has uniquely high affinity and selectivity for the D3 receptor. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid and a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid and a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a diterpenoid isolated from the brown alga Dilophus ligulatus and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. 	
It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. 	It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a key monomer of cutin in the plant cuticle. 	
It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 	It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. It is a catechol and a phenylpropanoid. 	It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. It is a catechol and a phenylpropanoid. The molecule is a phenylpropanoid that is cinnamyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are replaced by hydroxy groups. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an allergen. 	
It is a conjugate base of a member of tafamidis. 	It is a conjugate base of a member of tafamidis. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of tafamidis, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glucoraphenin. 	It is a conjugate base of a glucoraphenin. The molecule is a glucosinolate resulting from the removal of the proton from the oxime hydrogen sulfate group of glucoraphenin. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid and a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid and a hexanoic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 24:0 in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as octadecanoyl and hexanoyl respectively. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It derives from a fumigaclavine C. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It derives from a fumigaclavine C. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It derives from a fumigaclavine C. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is isolated from an endophytic fungus, Aspergillus fumigatus, and exhibits potent cytotoxicity against human leukemia cells (K562). 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is isolated from the whole herb of Sagittaria pygmaea and exhibits antibacterial activity against the oral pathogens. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is an ether and a volatile organic compound. 	It is an ether and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a fuel additive. 	It is an ether and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a fuel additive. It is used as an engine fuel additive to reduce emissions of carbon monoxide and soot. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Antheroporum pierrei, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Antheroporum pierrei, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. The molecule is a methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5 and 3', a prenyloxy group at position 4' and a dimethylpyran ring fused across positions 6 and 7. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a viomycin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a viomycin. The molecule is viomycin protonated to pH 7.3 It has a role as an antitubercular agent. 	
It is a conjugate base of a fosfomycin. 	It is a conjugate base of a fosfomycin. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 	
It is an organic heterobicyclic compound and a nucleobase analogue. 	It is an organic heterobicyclic compound and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a gout suppressant, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. 	
It is an organosulfonic acid and a thiol. 	It is an organosulfonic acid and a thiol. It has a role as a coenzyme. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and a methoxynaphthalene. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a methoxynaphthalene. The active metabolite of the prodrug nabumetone. 	
It derives from a henicosanoic acid. 	It derives from a henicosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a mevalonate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a mevalonate. It derives from a valeric acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a mevalonate. It derives from a valeric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. 	It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the bark of Cupania cinerea. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methacrylic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a methacrylic acid. It derives from an acrylate. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of methacrylic acid. 	
It is an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and an aryl phenyl ketone fungicide. 	It is an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and an aryl phenyl ketone fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and an aryl phenyl ketone fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a fungicide developed for the control of powdery mildew in cereals and grape vines. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. 	It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes and an anilide. 	It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes and an anilide. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. 	
It derives from a hesperidin. 	It derives from a hesperidin. The molecule is a flavanone glycoside that is hesperidin in which the hydroxy group at position 3' has been replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It derives from a succinic acid. 	It derives from a succinic acid. It is a member of phosphinic acids and a dicarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a succinic acid. It is a member of phosphinic acids and a dicarboxylic acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted at position 2 by a phosphinomethylidene group. 	
It is an organic molecular entity and a microcystin. 	It is an organic molecular entity and a microcystin. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a benzenesulfonate. 	It derives from a benzenesulfonate. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is an organic molecular entity and a mycolic acid. 	It is an organic molecular entity and a mycolic acid. The molecule is a class of mycolic acids characterized by the presence of two cis cyclopropyl groups in the meromycolic chain. 	
It is an aromatic ether and a hydroxycoumarin. 	It is an aromatic ether and a hydroxycoumarin. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether and a hydroxycoumarin. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of hydroxycoumarins that is coumarin which is substituted by methoxy, methyl, and hydroxy groups at positions 4, 5 and 7, respectively. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid that is octadecanoic acid carrying a hydroxy group at position 10. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. It is an ergot alkaloid and an organic cation. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from black colored rice bran of Oryza sativa, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It contains an ethylaminium and a propionate. 	It contains an ethylaminium and a propionate. The molecule is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of propanoic acid and ethylamine. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a surfactant. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a surfactant. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 12:0 in which both acyl groups are specified as hexanoyl. 	
It derives from a kanamycin B. 	It derives from a kanamycin B. It is a member of kanamycins and an aminoglycoside. 	It derives from a kanamycin B. It is a member of kanamycins and an aminoglycoside. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antibacterial drug. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pristanate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pristanate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a dipeptide, a secondary carboxamide, a primary alcohol, a primary amino compound, a thiol and a carboxylic acid. 	It is a dipeptide, a secondary carboxamide, a primary alcohol, a primary amino compound, a thiol and a carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a benzamide. 	It derives from a benzamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a benzamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	It derives from a benzamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. The molecule is a member of the class the class of benzamides that is benzamide substituted by a propyl group at the N atom. 	
It is a member of naphthalenes, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether and a member of benzamides. 	It is a member of naphthalenes, a dipeptide, an aromatic ether and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. 	
It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a nitric oxide donor, an explosive, a prodrug, a tocolytic agent, a muscle relaxant and a xenobiotic. 	It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a nitric oxide donor, an explosive, a prodrug, a tocolytic agent, a muscle relaxant and a xenobiotic. It acts as a prodrug, releasing nitric oxide to open blood vessels and so alleviate heart pain. 	It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a nitric oxide donor, an explosive, a prodrug, a tocolytic agent, a muscle relaxant and a xenobiotic. It acts as a prodrug, releasing nitric oxide to open blood vessels and so alleviate heart pain. The molecule is a nitroglycerol that is glycerol in which the hydrogen atoms of all three hydroxy groups are replaced by nitro groups. 	
It derives from an ophioglonol. 	It derives from an ophioglonol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an ophioglonol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the whole plants of Ophioglossum pedunculosum. 	
It is a conjugate base of a NAN 190(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a NAN 190(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. 	
It is an organosulfonic acid and a hexahydroxyanthraquinone. 	It is an organosulfonic acid and a hexahydroxyanthraquinone. It has a role as a histological dye. 	It is an organosulfonic acid and a hexahydroxyanthraquinone. It has a role as a histological dye. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'alizarin cyanin BBS'. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an enol and a member of quinomethanes. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an enol and a member of quinomethanes. It has a role as a metabolite, an antileishmanial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone, an enol and a member of quinomethanes. It has a role as a metabolite, an antileishmanial agent and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is a bisnortriterpene isolated from Salacia madagascariensis and exhibits antileishmanial and antileukemic activities. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a member of thiophenes, a monocarboxylic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. 	It is a member of thiophenes, a monocarboxylic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a member of thiophenes, a monocarboxylic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the herbicide dimethenamid. 	
It has a role as an antioxidant, an ultraviolet filter and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an antioxidant, an ultraviolet filter and a plant metabolite. It is used in filters for absorption of ultraviolet light. 	It has a role as an antioxidant, an ultraviolet filter and a plant metabolite. It is used in filters for absorption of ultraviolet light. The molecule is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid, a tricyclic diterpenoid and an oxaspiro compound. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a tricyclic diterpenoid and an oxaspiro compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, a tricyclic diterpenoid and an oxaspiro compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic diterpenoid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of marrubiin by the medicinal plant Marrubium vulgare. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of benzoic acids, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a dicarboxylic acid. 	It is a member of benzoic acids, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a soluble guanylate cyclase activator and an antihypertensive agent. 	It is a member of benzoic acids, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a soluble guanylate cyclase activator and an antihypertensive agent. It is a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, used for the treatment of acute decompensated heart failure. 	
It derives from a thymidine. 	It derives from a thymidine. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a rivastigmine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a rivastigmine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a rivastigmine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino function of rivastigmine. 	
It is an enantiomer of a Photinus luciferin. 	It is an enantiomer of a Photinus luciferin. It has a role as a luciferin and an animal metabolite. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a diosmetin. 	It derives from a diosmetin. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a rutinoside, a disaccharide derivative, a monomethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavanone. 	
It derives from a benzoic acid. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a sulfonamide and a member of piperazines. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an indoxyl. 	It derives from an indoxyl. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a triterpene and a steroid. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a triterpene and a steroid. The molecule is a triterpene that is dammarane containing one double bond between the 20 and 21 positions, and another between the 24 and 25 positions. 	
It contains a pyridoxamine(2+). 	It contains a pyridoxamine(2+). It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. 	It contains a pyridoxamine(2+). It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. Used for treatment of diabetic nephropathy. 	It contains a pyridoxamine(2+). It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. Used for treatment of diabetic nephropathy. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining pyridoxamine with two molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a kanamycin X(3+). 	It is a conjugate acid of a kanamycin X(3+). It derives from a kanamycin A. 	
It derives from a benzoate. 	It derives from a benzoate. The molecule is a dimethylbenzoate in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 5. 	
It contains a rilpivirine(1+). 	It contains a rilpivirine(1+). Used for treatment of HIV. 	It contains a rilpivirine(1+). Used for treatment of HIV. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of rilpivirine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It derives from a vitexin. 	It derives from a vitexin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus ochraceus as well as Penicillium commune. 	
It is a member of tetralins, a lignan, a member of phenols and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It is a member of tetralins, a lignan, a member of phenols and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of tetralins, a lignan, a member of phenols and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the barks of Machilus robusta. 	
It derives from a histamine. 	It derives from a histamine. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. 	It derives from a histamine. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. 	It derives from a histamine. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. The molecule is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the 2 position on the ring. 	
It is a conjugate base of a phloretic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a phloretic acid. It derives from a propionate. 	It is a conjugate base of a phloretic acid. It derives from a propionate. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of phloretic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a member of catechols, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a fluorophenol. 	It is a member of catechols, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a fluorophenol. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a member of catechols, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a fluorophenol. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a catechol bearing an additional fluoro substituent at position 3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a urocanate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a urocanate. It has a role as a chromophore and a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a urocanate. It has a role as a chromophore and a human metabolite. It is a metabolite of hidtidine. 	
It contains a dequalinium. 	It contains a dequalinium. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor, an antifungal agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains a dequalinium. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor, an antifungal agent and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is an organic chloride salt that is the dichloride salt of dequalinium. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cannabinerolate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabinerolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabinerolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a member of resorcinols, a polyketide, a diterpenoid and a phytocannabinoid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabinerolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a member of resorcinols, a polyketide, a diterpenoid and a phytocannabinoid. The molecule is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is olivetolic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a neryl group. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an intermediate in the keratan sulfate degradation pathway. 	
It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is found in coriander. 	
It derives from an adipic acid. 	It derives from an adipic acid. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. 	It derives from an adipic acid. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a gibberellin A9. 	It derives from a gibberellin A9. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone and a methyl ester. 	It derives from a gibberellin A9. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone and a methyl ester. The molecule is a gibberellin ester that is the methyl ester of gibberellin A9. 	
It derives from a FMN. 	It derives from a FMN. It is a flavin mononucleotide, a ribitol phosphate and an aromatic carboxylic acid. 	
It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical and a mouse metabolite. Shown to have an antithrombotic effect. 	
It derives from an abiraterone. 	It derives from an abiraterone. It is a sterol ester and a member of pyridines. 	It derives from an abiraterone. It is a sterol ester and a member of pyridines. A prodrug that is converted in vivo into abiraterone. 	
It derives from a platensimycin. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	
It is an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, a labdane diterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a lactol. 	It is an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, a labdane diterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a lactol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a pyruvate. 	It derives from a pyruvate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is an aldehyde, an aromatic ether, a member of depsidones, an enone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ketone. 	It is an aldehyde, an aromatic ether, a member of depsidones, an enone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is an aldehyde, an aromatic ether, a member of depsidones, an enone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. 	
It is a conjugate base of a versicolorin B. 	It is a conjugate base of a versicolorin B. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It derives from a valeric acid. 	It derives from a valeric acid. The molecule is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	
It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. is the major structure at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a tautomer of a glutathione amide. 	It is a tautomer of a glutathione amide. The molecule is zwitterionic form of glutathione amide having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a phytotoxin. 	It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a phytotoxin. A phytotoxin produced by Pleospora betae, the causal fungus of leaf spot disease on sugar beet. 	
It is a member of isoindoles, a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and an aromatic amine. 	It is a member of isoindoles, a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and an aromatic amine. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an immunomodulator. 	
It is a member of benzofurans, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. 	It is a member of benzofurans, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. It is a lignan derivative isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea. 	
It is a conjugate base of a validoxylamine B. 	It is a conjugate base of a validoxylamine B. The molecule is a secondary ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of validoxylamine B; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tenuazonic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a tenuazonic acid. The molecule is an organic anion that is the carbanion obtained by removal of the acidic proton from position 3 of tenuazonic acid; major speies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a paromamine(3+). 	It is a conjugate base of a paromamine(3+). It is an aminoglycoside, a primary amino compound and a triamine. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a hydrochloride. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a receptor modulator. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a receptor modulator. It is a potent and selective sigma1 receptor antagonist. 	
It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. 	It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It has a role as a metabolite and a melanin synthesis inhibitor. 	It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It has a role as a metabolite and a melanin synthesis inhibitor. Isolated from the roots of Lespedeza floribunda, it acts as a melanin synthesis inhibitor. 	It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It has a role as a metabolite and a melanin synthesis inhibitor. Isolated from the roots of Lespedeza floribunda, it acts as a melanin synthesis inhibitor. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 4', a methoxy group at position 2' and prenyl groups at positions 8 and 3'. 	
It contains an encainide. 	It contains an encainide. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of encainide. 	
It contains a lithium citrate (anhydrous). 	It contains a lithium citrate (anhydrous). It has a role as an antidepressant. 	It contains a lithium citrate (anhydrous). It has a role as an antidepressant. It is used as a source of lithium for the treatment of anxiety disorders, bipolar disorder, and depression. 	It contains a lithium citrate (anhydrous). It has a role as an antidepressant. It is used as a source of lithium for the treatment of anxiety disorders, bipolar disorder, and depression. The molecule is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of lithium citrate. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a wax ester and a dodecanoate ester. 	It is a wax ester and a dodecanoate ester. The molecule is a wax ester resulting from the formal condensation of lauric acid with palmityl alcohol. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aminodeoxyfutalosinate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aminodeoxyfutalosinate. It is a member of adenosines and a member of benzoic acids. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aminodeoxyfutalosinate. It is a member of adenosines and a member of benzoic acids. The molecule is an andenosine derivative that is futalosine in which the hypoxanthine moiety is replaced by adenine. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyflavanone. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyflavanone. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyflavanone. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated as a racemate from the bark of Cryptocarya chartacea and exhibits inhibitory activity against dengue virus NS5 polymerase. 	
It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound and a member of cytidines. 	It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound and a member of cytidines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug and an antimetabolite. 	It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound and a member of cytidines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug and an antimetabolite. Capecitabine is a antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of cancers. 	
It is an alditol and a triol. 	It is an alditol and a triol. It has a role as an osmolyte, a solvent, a detergent, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It is an alditol and a triol. It has a role as an osmolyte, a solvent, a detergent, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a triol with a structure of propane substituted at positions 1, 2 and 3 by hydroxy groups. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a member of adamantanes, a nitrile, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a member of adamantanes, a nitrile, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. Used in its monohydrate form for the treatment of Type II diabetes. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tridecanoate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tridecanoate. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cannabigerolate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabigerolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cannabigerolate. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a diterpenoid, a polyketide, a member of resorcinols and a phytocannabinoid. The molecule is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is olivetolic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a geranyl group. 	
It does not readily enter the central nervous system, so does not cause drowsiness. 	It does not readily enter the central nervous system, so does not cause drowsiness. The major metabolite of loratidine, desloratadine is an antihistamine which is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions including rhinitis and chronic urticaria. 	It does not readily enter the central nervous system, so does not cause drowsiness. The major metabolite of loratidine, desloratadine is an antihistamine which is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions including rhinitis and chronic urticaria. The molecule is loratadine in which the ethoxycarbonyl group attached to the piperidine ring is replaced by hydrogen. 	
It derives from a cyclohexanol. 	It derives from a cyclohexanol. It is a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. 	
It is a methylguanine and a secondary amino compound. 	It is a methylguanine and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. 	It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a phenolate anion. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenchromate. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenchromate. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a chromium oxoanion. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenchromate. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a chromium oxoanion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. 	It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenchromate. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a chromium oxoanion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. The molecule is a chromium oxoanion resulting from the removal of two protons from chromic acid. 	
It is a member of indazoles, a member of pyridines, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzamides. 	It is a member of indazoles, a member of pyridines, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzamides. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. 	It is a member of indazoles, a member of pyridines, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzamides. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. Used for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma after failure of a first line systemic treatment. 	
It derives from a biguanide. 	It derives from a biguanide. It is a member of biguanides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It derives from a biguanide. It is a member of biguanides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial agent. 	
It is a furanocoumarin, a member of phenols and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a member of phenols and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a member of phenols and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the bark of Ochrocarpos punctatus, it exhibits cytotoxicity against the A2780 ovarian cancer cell line. 	
It is an aminoglycoside, a primary amino compound and a triamine. 	It is an aminoglycoside, a primary amino compound and a triamine. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a macrolide and a member of resorcinols. 	It is a macrolide and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a mycoestrogen. 	
It is a deuterated compound and a member of propanones. 	It is a deuterated compound and a member of propanones. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. 	It is a deuterated compound and a member of propanones. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. The molecule is a deuterated compound that is acetone in which all six hydrogen atoms are replaced by deuterium. 	
It is a conjugate base of a HP_dp02_0008. 	It is a conjugate base of a HP_dp02_0008. It is an organic sulfamate oxoanion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a carbohydrate acid derivative anion. 	
It is an aromatic ether, an aldoxime, a member of bipyridines and a pyridine alkaloid. 	It is an aromatic ether, an aldoxime, a member of bipyridines and a pyridine alkaloid. It has a role as a marine metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from an ethanol. 	It derives from an ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a butyrate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of ethanol with the carboxy group of butyric acid. 	
It derives from an octanoic acid. 	It derives from an octanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an erythritol. 	It derives from an erythritol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from an erythritol. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a tetritol that is erythritol substituted by a methyl group at position 2. 	
It derives from a platencin A2. 	It derives from a platencin A2. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. 	It derives from a platencin A2. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platencin A2. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	It derives from a platencin A2. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, an aromatic amide, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. The molecule is a polycyclic cage that is the methyl ester derivative of platencin A2. 	
It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. 	It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a metabolite of phenylalanine and is excreted in the urine of patients suffering from diseases like phenylketonuria. 	
It is a neolignan, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. 	It is a neolignan, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a neolignan, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a neolignan isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a dopamine. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a dopamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a fatty amide and a member of catechols. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a dopamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a fatty amide and a member of catechols. It is present as an endogenous compound in the mammalian brain. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a dopamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a fatty amide and a member of catechols. It is present as an endogenous compound in the mammalian brain. The molecule is a fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the amino group of dopamine. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and a member of benzenes. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and a member of benzenes. The molecule is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a benzylnitrilo group at position 4. 	
It contains a calcium dichloride. 	It contains a calcium dichloride. It is a hydrate, a calcium salt and an inorganic chloride. 	It contains a calcium dichloride. It is a hydrate, a calcium salt and an inorganic chloride. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of calcium chloride. 	
It derives from an acrylic acid. 	It derives from an acrylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an acrylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by chlorine. 	
It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 	It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is podophyllotoxin in which the methyl ether group at position 4 of the trimethoxyphenyl group has been cleaved to afford the corresponding phenol. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the leaves of Alvaradoa haitiensis and exhibits cytotoxicity against human oral epidermoid carcinoma. 	
It is a thiadiazolidine and a member of benzenes. 	It is a thiadiazolidine and a member of benzenes. An experimental compound which was being developed for the potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor. Candoxatril is an orally active prodrug of candoxatrilat, a potent neutral endopeptidase (NEP, neprilysin) inhibitor used in the treatment of chronic heart failure. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid and a primary alcohol. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a tetrangomycin. 	It derives from a tetrangomycin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a dopamine. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. The molecule is an aryl sulfate that is dopamine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 	It derives from a salicylaldehyde. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of guaiacols. 	It derives from a salicylaldehyde. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a salicylaldehyde. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is salicylaldehyde substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an acridine red 3B free base. 	It is a conjugate acid of an acridine red 3B free base. The molecule is an iminium ion obtained by protonation of the imino group of acridine red free base. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pentadecanoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a pentadecanoic acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the fruiting bodies of Ganoderma lucidum, it exhibits cytotoxicity against tumour cells. 	
It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a propionic acid. 	It derives from a propionic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	
It derives from a geranyllinalool. 	It derives from a geranyllinalool. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, an enone, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aromatic ketone and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an enone, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aromatic ketone and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 2.4.1.16 (chitin synthase) inhibitor and an antifungal agent. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, an enone, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aromatic ketone and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 2.4.1.16 (chitin synthase) inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is isolated from the methanol extract of the whole plant of Chloranthus japonicus and acts as a chitin synthase inhibitor. 	
It is a dichlorobenzene, a terminal acetylenic compound and a member of benzamides. 	It is a dichlorobenzene, a terminal acetylenic compound and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. 	
It is an oxazolopyridine, a member of furans, an aromatic amide, a ring assembly and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It is an oxazolopyridine, a member of furans, an aromatic amide, a ring assembly and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor and an antiparasitic agent. 	
It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H24N2O3, isolated from Vinca sardoa and Uncaria rhynchophylla. 	
It is a member of azepanes and a monothiocarbamic ester. 	It is a member of azepanes and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 	It is a member of azepanes and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent, a herbicide and an agrochemical. or European Union, it is used control grass weeds in rice paddies. 	It is a member of azepanes and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent, a herbicide and an agrochemical. or European Union, it is used control grass weeds in rice paddies. A thiocarbamate herbicide not approved for use in the U.S. 	
It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and an insect repellent. 	It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and an insect repellent. The molecule is a hexadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of butanol. 	
It derives from a paracetamol. 	It derives from a paracetamol. It is a cysteine derivative, an organic sulfide, a member of phenols and a member of acetamides. 	It derives from a paracetamol. It is a cysteine derivative, an organic sulfide, a member of phenols and a member of acetamides. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a coumarin 480. 	It derives from a hydride of a coumarin 480. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It derives from a hydride of a coumarin 480. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an organobromine compound. 	
It derives from a cephalosporanic acid. 	It derives from a cephalosporanic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a cephalosporin. 	
It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. The molecule is a cytochalasan alkaloid found in Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium brasiliense. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a sphingomyelin 36:1 and a sphingomyelin d18:1. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a sphingomyelin 36:1 and a sphingomyelin d18:1. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylalaninium. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylalaninium. It contains a benzyl group. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylalaninium. It contains a benzyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylalaninium. It contains a benzyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. The molecule is an aromatic amino acid that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a phenyl group. 	
It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 	It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. It has a role as a histological dye. 	
It is a conjugate base of a bromosulfophthalein. 	It is a conjugate base of a bromosulfophthalein. It has a role as a dye. 	It is a conjugate base of a bromosulfophthalein. It has a role as a dye. The molecule is an organosulfonate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of both sulfonyl groups of bromosulfophthalein. 	
It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an organosulfonate oxoanion. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a cationic fluorescent dye derived from a heteropentacyclic ring system. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antimutagen and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimutagen and an antioxidant. Isolated from Anagallis monelli, it exhibits antimutagenic and antioxidant activities. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a salicylurate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a salicylurate. It derives from a glycine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a salicylurate. It derives from a glycine. It has a role as a uremic toxin and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride, a member of furans and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride, a member of furans and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. for use on a wide range of crops including fruit, vegetables and ornamentals. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. for use on a wide range of crops including fruit, vegetables and ornamentals. and Sclerotinia spp. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. for use on a wide range of crops including fruit, vegetables and ornamentals. and Sclerotinia spp. A fungicide active against a broad range of fungal pathogens including Botrytis spp., Alternaria spp. 	
It is a conjugate base of an aurintricarboxylic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an aurintricarboxylic acid. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid trianion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of aurintricarboxylic acid. 	
It contains a triprolidine(1+). 	It contains a triprolidine(1+). Its monohydrate is used for the symptomatic relief of uticaria, rhinitis, and various pruritic skin disorders. 	It contains a triprolidine(1+). Its monohydrate is used for the symptomatic relief of uticaria, rhinitis, and various pruritic skin disorders. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of triprolidine and hydrogen chloride. 	
It derives from a pimelic acid. 	It derives from a pimelic acid. The molecule is an oxo dicarboxylic acid consisting of pimelic acid substituted at positions 2 and 4 by oxo and hydroxy groups respectively. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dinicotinic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a dinicotinic acid. The molecule is a carboxypyridinecarboxylate. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a nororientaline. 	It is a conjugate acid of a nororientaline. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a nororientaline. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is the conjugate acid of nororientaline; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It has also been found in Pristionchus pacificus and the sour paste nematode Panagrellus redivivus. 	
It derives from a duvoglustat. 	It derives from a duvoglustat. It is a hydroxypiperidine and a tertiary amino compound. 	It derives from a duvoglustat. It is a hydroxypiperidine and a tertiary amino compound. The molecule is a hydroxypiperidine that is deoxynojirimycin (duvoglustat) in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a nonyl group. 	
It derives from a sideroxylin. 	It derives from a sideroxylin. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a sideroxylin. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a sideroxylin. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been found in Hydrastis canadensis and Eucalyptus species. 	It derives from a sideroxylin. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been found in Hydrastis canadensis and Eucalyptus species. The molecule is a monomethoxyflavone that is sideroxylin in which the methyl group at position 8 is replaced by a hydrogen. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F1alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F1alpha. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a ketone and a diol. 	
It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having eighteen prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. 	
It is a butenolide and a cyclic acetal. 	It is a butenolide and a cyclic acetal. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It is a butenolide and a cyclic acetal. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. A secondary metabolite obtained from Aspergillus nidulans. 	
It derives from an isobutyric acid. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is an acetate ester, an aromatic ether, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is an acetate ester, an aromatic ether, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is an acetate ester, an aromatic ether, a lignan, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a lignan with a dibenzocyclooctadiene skeleton isolated from Kadsura ananosma. 	
It derives from a scutellarein. 	It derives from a scutellarein. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a scutellarein. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Ornithogalum thyrsoides and Galtonia candicans, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is an organic polycyclic compound that is a cytotoxic fungal pigment isolated from the fruiting bodies of the ascomycete Shiraia bambusicola. 	
It is an anilide, a secondary carboxamide, a member of furans and a furanilide fungicide. 	It is an anilide, a secondary carboxamide, a member of furans and a furanilide fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is an anilide, a secondary carboxamide, a member of furans and a furanilide fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. An obsolete fungicide formerly used to control Basidiomycetes pathogens on cereal crops. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a diacetylchitobiosyldiphosphodolichol. 	
It derives from a eugenol. 	It derives from a eugenol. It is an acetate ester, a phenylpropanoid and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It derives from a eugenol. It is an acetate ester, a phenylpropanoid and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a eugenol. It is an acetate ester, a phenylpropanoid and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an acetate ester that is eugenol acetate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 1. 	
It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. 	It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. It also inhibits (though to a lesser extent) formyltetrahydrofolate synthetase, carboxylesterase, and cyclooxygenase. An antioxidant found in the creosote bush, Larrea divaricata, it is a potent lipoxygenase inhibitor that interferes with arachidonic acid metabolism. 	
It contains a cyclopentolate. 	It contains a cyclopentolate. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a diagnostic agent and a muscarinic antagonist. 	It contains a cyclopentolate. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a diagnostic agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It acts more quickly than atropine and has a shorter duration of action. 	It contains a cyclopentolate. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a diagnostic agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It acts more quickly than atropine and has a shorter duration of action. It is used to produce mydriasis (excessive dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) for opthalmic diagnostic procedures. 	It contains a cyclopentolate. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a diagnostic agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It acts more quickly than atropine and has a shorter duration of action. It is used to produce mydriasis (excessive dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) for opthalmic diagnostic procedures. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of cyclopentolate. 	
It is an aryl sulfide and a member of toluenes. 	It is an aryl sulfide and a member of toluenes. The molecule is an aryl sulfide that is thioanisole in which the hydrogen at the para position has been replaced by a methyl group. 	
It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. 	It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a platensimycin. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a primary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a primary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a member of resorcinols, a primary alcohol, a benzoate ester, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a polycyclic cage compound isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	
It is a glycosylglucose derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is a glycosylglucose derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of piperidines. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of piperidines. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of piperidines. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a metabolite of the drug methylphenidate. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of benzamides, a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It contains a promethazine(1+). 	It contains a promethazine(1+). The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of promethazine. 	
It derives from a glucobrassicin. 	It derives from a glucobrassicin. It is an indolyl carbohydrate and an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. 	It derives from a glucobrassicin. It is an indolyl carbohydrate and an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. The molecule is an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid that is glucobrassicin bearing an additional sulfo group on the indole nitrogen. 	
It contains a cadaverine(2+). 	It contains a cadaverine(2+). of hydrogen chloride. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of cadaverine with 2 mol eq. 	
It derives from a quercetin. 	It derives from a quercetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a metabolite. 	It derives from a quercetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a metabolite. The molecule is a pentahydroxyflavone that is quercetin substituted by a methyl group at position 6. 	
It is a tryptamine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of phenols. 	It is a tryptamine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of phenols. It has a role as a hallucinogen, a serotonergic agonist, a fungal metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. 	It is a tryptamine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of phenols. It has a role as a hallucinogen, a serotonergic agonist, a fungal metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. A hallucinogenic alkaloid isolated in trace amounts from Psilocybe mushrooms (also known as Teonanacatl or "magic mushrooms"). 	
It is a member of benzodioxoles, a lignan, a catechol and a furofuran. 	It is a member of benzodioxoles, a lignan, a catechol and a furofuran. 22 growing on sesamin. 	It is a member of benzodioxoles, a lignan, a catechol and a furofuran. 22 growing on sesamin. no. 	
It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a phthalate that is the dianion obtained by the deprotonation of both the carboxy groups of phthalic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#7. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#7. The conjugate base of oscr#7 and the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#7. The conjugate base of oscr#7 and the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of oscr#7. 	
It derives from a hydride of a phytane. 	It derives from a hydride of a phytane. It is a conjugate acid of a phytanate. 	It derives from a hydride of a phytane. It is a conjugate acid of a phytanate. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a cholesterol ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of cholesterol with the carboxy group of myristic acid. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a memantine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a memantine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of memantine obtained by protonation of the primary amino function. 	
It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine. 	It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine. It is a conjugate base of a dextrobupivacaine(1+). 	
It is a conjugate base of a triflic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a triflic acid. The molecule is an organosulfonate oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the sulfonic acid group of triflic acid. 	
It is a diterpene alkaloid, a pyridine alkaloid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxaspiro compound. 	It is a diterpene alkaloid, a pyridine alkaloid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxaspiro compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a verbascose. 	It derives from a verbascose. It is a hexasaccharide and a raffinose family oligosaccharide. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triol. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a ribitol. 	It derives from a ribitol. It is a pyrimidone, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a biaryl, an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines and an oxacycle. 	It is an aromatic ether, a biaryl, an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It is an aromatic ether, a biaryl, an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. Isolated from the roots of Polyalthia debilis, it exhibits moderate antimalarial activity by inhibiting the growth of the malarial parasite Plasmodium falciparum. 	
It derives from an azobenzene. 	It derives from an azobenzene. It is an azo compound, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from an azobenzene. It is an azo compound, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. 	It derives from an azobenzene. It is an azo compound, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. The molecule is an azo compound that is azobenzene in which one phenyl group is substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group, while the other phenyl group is substituted at position 2 by a carboxy group. 	
It is a lignan and a member of oxolanes. 	It is a lignan and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor. 	It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor. It is an inhibitor of the BMK1 kinase pathway. 	
It is an alkane and a gas molecular entity. 	It is an alkane and a gas molecular entity. It has a role as a food propellant and a refrigerant. 	It is an alkane and a gas molecular entity. It has a role as a food propellant and a refrigerant. The molecule is an alkane that is propane substituted by a methyl group at position 2. 	
It contains a cyproheptadine hydrochloride (anhydrous). 	It contains a cyproheptadine hydrochloride (anhydrous). Unlike other antihistamines, it is also a seratonin receptor antagonist, making it useful in conditions such as vascular headache and anorexia. 	It contains a cyproheptadine hydrochloride (anhydrous). Unlike other antihistamines, it is also a seratonin receptor antagonist, making it useful in conditions such as vascular headache and anorexia. Note that the drug named cyproheptadine hydrochloride generally refers to cyproheptadine hydrochloride sesquihydrate. 	It contains a cyproheptadine hydrochloride (anhydrous). Unlike other antihistamines, it is also a seratonin receptor antagonist, making it useful in conditions such as vascular headache and anorexia. Note that the drug named cyproheptadine hydrochloride generally refers to cyproheptadine hydrochloride sesquihydrate. The molecule is the sesquihydrate of cyproheptadine hydrochloride. 	
It is a bridged compound, a lactam, an organic disulfide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic ketone, an ether and a diol. 	It is a bridged compound, a lactam, an organic disulfide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic ketone, an ether and a diol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a spermine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a spermine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a spermine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. The molecule is an ammonium ion obtained by the protonation of all four amino groups of spermine. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is picene which has been fully hydrogenated except for a double bond between the 4a and 5 positions and is substituted by methyl groups at the 4, 4, 6bbeta, 8abeta, 11, 11, 12balpha and 14bbeta positions, and by a hydroxy group at the 3beta position. 	
It derives from an estrone. 	It derives from an estrone. It has a role as an estrogen, a human urinary metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. 	
It is a benzochromenone, a polyketide, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 	It is a benzochromenone, a polyketide, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a biological pigment and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. 	It is a benzochromenone, a polyketide, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a biological pigment and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. An orange polyketide pigment that is a common intermediate in many different fungal biosynthetic pathways. 	
It is an acetamide, an epoxide, a member of cyclohexenones, an enone, an oxabicycloalkane, a primary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is an acetamide, an epoxide, a member of cyclohexenones, an enone, an oxabicycloalkane, a primary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a phenyl acetate. 	It derives from a phenyl acetate. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. 	It derives from a phenyl acetate. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. The molecule is an acetate ester that is phenyl acetate substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. 	
It derives from a hyocholic acid. 	It derives from a hyocholic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It derives from an isobutyric acid. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester obtained by the formal condensation of isobutyric acid with ethanol. 	
It is a lactam, a member of hydroquinones, a macrocycle, a secondary alcohol, an ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. 	It is a lactam, a member of hydroquinones, a macrocycle, a secondary alcohol, an ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an anthocyanidin cation that is flavylium bearing five hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 3', 4', 5 and 7 as well as a methoxy substituent at position 5'. 	
It derives from a flurazepam. 	It derives from a flurazepam. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a sedative. 	
It derives from a campesterol. 	It derives from a campesterol. It has a role as an algal metabolite, a biomarker, a plant metabolite, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It derives from a campesterol. It has a role as an algal metabolite, a biomarker, a plant metabolite, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a phytosterol found in marine algae, mussels, crinoids, mites and plants. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a strychnine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a strychnine. The molecule is an indole alkaloid cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group of strychnine. 	
It has a role as an antioxidant, an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an antioxidant, an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a secoiridoid glycoside isolated from Ligustrum lucidum which has been shown to exhibit antioxidant activity against hemolysis of red blood cells induced by free radicals. 	
It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles and an organobromine compound. 	It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. 	It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. The molecule is a depsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens. 	
It is a catecholamine and a member of phenylethanolamines. 	It is a catecholamine and a member of phenylethanolamines. The molecule is an optically active phenylethanolamine compound having an isopropyl substituent attached to the nitrogen atom. 	
It derives from a propiophenone. 	It derives from a propiophenone. It is an aromatic ketone, a dimethoxybenzene and an acetate ester. 	It derives from a propiophenone. It is an aromatic ketone, a dimethoxybenzene and an acetate ester. The molecule is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone substituted by acetoxy groups at positions 1 and 2 and methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an antigen. 	
It is a monomethoxybenzene and a dinitrile. 	It is a monomethoxybenzene and a dinitrile. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. 	It is a monomethoxybenzene and a dinitrile. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. Isolated from the culture broth of the fungus Neosartorya fischeri, it exhibits antifungal activity. 	
It contains an amprolium(1+). It is a pyridinium salt and an organic chloride salt. 	It contains an amprolium(1+). It is a pyridinium salt and an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a coccidiostat. 	It contains an amprolium(1+). It is a pyridinium salt and an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a coccidiostat. Used for prevention of coccidiosis in poultry and cattle. 	
It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 	It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a spirit blue base. 	It is a conjugate acid of a spirit blue base. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of spirit blue base. 	
It derives from an alisiaquinone A. 	It derives from an alisiaquinone A. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It derives from an alisiaquinone A. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. The molecule is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is isolated from New Caledonian deep water sponge and exhibits antiplasmodial properties. 	
It is a polycyclic ether and a cyclic acetal. 	It is a polycyclic ether and a cyclic acetal. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a member of furans, an aromatic ether, a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a member of furans, an aromatic ether, a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an adenosine A2A receptor antagonist. 	
It is a member of phenols, a member of benzyl alcohols, a lactam and a benzothiazine. 	It is a member of phenols, a member of benzyl alcohols, a lactam and a benzothiazine. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It is a member of phenols, a member of benzyl alcohols, a lactam and a benzothiazine. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is an antibacterial agent from Ampelomyces. 	
It derives from a hydride of an octane. 	It derives from a hydride of an octane. It is an isothiocyanate and a methyl sulfide. 	It derives from a hydride of an octane. It is an isothiocyanate and a methyl sulfide. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an octane. It is an isothiocyanate and a methyl sulfide. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. The molecule is an isothiocyanate that is octane in which two of the terminal methyl hydrogens at positions 1 and 8 have been replaced by isothiocyanato and methylsulfanyl groups. 	
It is a conjugate base of a benzoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a benzoic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	
It contains an iron trichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and an iron coordination entity. 	It contains an iron trichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and an iron coordination entity. It has a role as an astringent and a Lewis acid. 	It contains an iron trichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and an iron coordination entity. It has a role as an astringent and a Lewis acid. The molecule is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of iron trichloride. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. 	It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. Isolated from Macaranga tanarius and propolis collected in Okinawa, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. 	
It has a role as a herbicide safener. 	It has a role as a herbicide safener. It is a herbicide safener, used in conjunction with the Bayer herbicide tembotrione. 	
It derives from a platensimycin. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a platensimycin. It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a polycyclic cage, a secondary alcohol, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cangrelor. 	It is a conjugate base of a cangrelor. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and an organophosphonate oxoanion. 	It is a conjugate base of a cangrelor. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and an organophosphonate oxoanion. The molecule is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate and phosphonate OH groups of cangrelor. 	
It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a fixative, an antigen and an epitope. 	It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a fixative, an antigen and an epitope. Occuring in Balsam of Peru and Tolu balsam, in Sumatra and Penang benzoin, and as the main constituent of copaiba balsam, it is used in heavy oriental perfumes, as a fixative and as a flavouring agent. 	It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a fixative, an antigen and an epitope. Occuring in Balsam of Peru and Tolu balsam, in Sumatra and Penang benzoin, and as the main constituent of copaiba balsam, it is used in heavy oriental perfumes, as a fixative and as a flavouring agent. The molecule is the cinnamate ester derived from cinnamic acid and benzyl alcohol. 	
It derives from a ribitol. 	It derives from a ribitol. It is a glycoside and a tetrasaccharide. 	It derives from a ribitol. It is a glycoside and a tetrasaccharide. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It contains a vecuronium. 	It contains a vecuronium. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. 	It contains a vecuronium. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent and a muscle relaxant. 	
It is a member of chalcones and an enol ether. 	It is a member of chalcones and an enol ether. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a member of chalcones and an enol ether. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of chalcones that is chalcone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2', 6' and 9 and a dimethylpyrano ring substituted across positions 3' and 4'. 	
It derives from a protopine. 	It derives from a protopine. It is a dibenzazecine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and a hemiaminal. 	
It derives from a sebacic acid. 	It derives from a sebacic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a cardiolipin and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It is a cardiolipin and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is a cardiolipin derivative in which all four of the phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). 	
It is a retinoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a retinoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. Corresponds to a partial structure of blood group A type 2 oligosaccharide. 	
It is an aminopyrimidine and a formamidopyrimidine. 	It is an aminopyrimidine and a formamidopyrimidine. A DNA lesion formed when DNA exposed to ionising radiation. 	
It derives from an isoorientin. 	It derives from an isoorientin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 34:1 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as oleoyl and palmitoyl respectively. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a sulcofuronate. 	It contains a sulcofuronate. It is an organochlorine insecticide, an organic sodium salt and a member of ureas. 	It contains a sulcofuronate. It is an organochlorine insecticide, an organic sodium salt and a member of ureas. It has a role as an epitope. 	It contains a sulcofuronate. It is an organochlorine insecticide, an organic sodium salt and a member of ureas. It has a role as an epitope. The molecule is the sodium salt of sulcofuron. 	
It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. 	It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. The molecule is an amino aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by an amino group. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a benzoate. 	It derives from a benzoate. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It is a dimethylaniline and a squaraine. 	It is a dimethylaniline and a squaraine. It has a role as a squaraine dye and a fluorochrome. 	
It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle, an oxacycle and a formate ester. 	It is an acetate ester, an epoxide, a eunicellin diterpenoid, a macrocycle, an oxacycle and a formate ester. The molecule is an eunicellin diterpenoid isolated from the soft coral Klyxum molle. 	
It derives from a hydride of a decane. 	It derives from a hydride of a decane. It is a glycol and a volatile organic compound. 	It derives from a hydride of a decane. It is a glycol and a volatile organic compound. The molecule is a glycol that is decane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 	It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. It is a natural ergot alkaloid. 	
It is an aminopyrimidine and an aromatic primary alcohol. 	It is an aminopyrimidine and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It is an aminopyrimidine and an aromatic primary alcohol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. The molecule is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidine in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 5 are replaced by methyl, amino, and hydroxymethyl substituents, respectively. 	
It is a gas molecular entity, a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. 	It is a gas molecular entity, a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. It has a role as an ultrasound contrast agent. 	It is a gas molecular entity, a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. It has a role as an ultrasound contrast agent. Microbubbles of preflubutane are used in the ultrasound contrast agent BR14. 	It is a gas molecular entity, a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. It has a role as an ultrasound contrast agent. Microbubbles of preflubutane are used in the ultrasound contrast agent BR14. The molecule is a fluorocarbon that is butane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. 	
It is a member of depsidones, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an aldehyde and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a member of depsidones, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an aldehyde and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite, an antimalarial, an antimycobacterial drug and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of depsidones, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an aldehyde and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite, an antimalarial, an antimycobacterial drug and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits antimalarial, antimycobacterial and cytotoxic activities. 	
It is a pyridinium ion and a tertiary amine. 	It is a pyridinium ion and a tertiary amine. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a polyphenol and a member of xanthenes. 	It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a polyphenol and a member of xanthenes. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is an oligosaccharide sulfate and an amino disaccharide. 	It is an oligosaccharide sulfate and an amino disaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate base of an asulam. 	It is a conjugate base of an asulam. The conjugate base of asulam. 	
It derives from an adenosine. 	It derives from an adenosine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant growth regulator and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a formate ester and an ethyl ester. 	It is a formate ester and an ethyl ester. It has a role as a fumigant and a plant metabolite. 	It is a formate ester and an ethyl ester. It has a role as a fumigant and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a formate ester resulting from the formal condensation of formic acid with ethanol. 	
It is a diterpene lactone, a diterpene alkaloid, a pyridine alkaloid, a benzoate ester and a butenolide. 	It is a diterpene lactone, a diterpene alkaloid, a pyridine alkaloid, a benzoate ester and a butenolide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. It has a role as an astringent. 	It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. It has a role as an astringent. The molecule is an iodine oxoacid. 	
It derives from a testosterone. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a steroid glucosiduronic that is testosterone carrying a glucosiduronic acid residue at position 17. 	
It is an iminium salt and an iron coordination entity. It has a role as a histological dye. 	It is an iminium salt and an iron coordination entity. It has a role as a histological dye. Depending on the mode of manufacture, pyronin B also exists in the form of a chloride salt. 	
It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Penicillium commune. 	
It is a sulfonamide and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a sulfonamide and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It derives from a valeric acid. 	It derives from a valeric acid. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of valeric acid with ammonia. 	
It derives from a bellidifolin. 	It derives from a bellidifolin. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a bellidifolin. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. 	It derives from a bellidifolin. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. Isolated from Centaurium erythraea and Swertia chirayita, it exhibits hypoglycemic activity. 	
It has a role as a pheromone and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a pheromone and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. A metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it is dauer inducing and strongly male attracting. 	
It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 	It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'metanil yellow'. 	It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'metanil yellow'. The molecule is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at the para position by an anilino group, while the other is substituted at a meta position by a sulfo group. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. 	
It is a cyclic acetal, a cyclic ketone, an ether, a secondary alcohol, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an antibiotic antifungal drug and a macrolide lactam. 	It is a cyclic acetal, a cyclic ketone, an ether, a secondary alcohol, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an antibiotic antifungal drug and a macrolide lactam. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial drug, a mTOR inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite and an anticoronaviral agent. 	It is a cyclic acetal, a cyclic ketone, an ether, a secondary alcohol, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an antibiotic antifungal drug and a macrolide lactam. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial drug, a mTOR inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an antibiotic, immunosupressive and antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a primary arylamine, a member of phenols and a member of benzamides. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a primary arylamine, a member of phenols and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a primary arylamine, a member of phenols and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. and exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a primary arylamine, a member of phenols and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. and exhibits antineoplastic activity. It is isolated from an Alaskan Kitasatospora sp. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a methyl hexanoate. 	It derives from a methyl hexanoate. It is a ladderane and a fatty acid methyl ester. 	It derives from a methyl hexanoate. It is a ladderane and a fatty acid methyl ester. Ladderane fatty acid methyl esters are core lipids of anammox bacteria. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and an enone. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and an enone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and an enone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma domestica and Etlingera elatior. 	
It is a tautomer of a hypotaurine zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a hypotaurine zwitterion. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an amentoflavone. 	It derives from an amentoflavone. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone, a methoxyflavone and a ring assembly. 	It derives from an amentoflavone. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone, a methoxyflavone and a ring assembly. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. 	
It has a role as an anticonvulsant. 	It has a role as an anticonvulsant. An antiepileptic, it is less toxic than phenytoin but also less effective. 	
It derives from an unoprostone. 	It derives from an unoprostone. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a ketone and an isopropyl ester. 	It derives from an unoprostone. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a ketone and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent and a prodrug. 	It derives from an unoprostone. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a ketone and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent and a prodrug. The molecule is the isopropyl ester of unoprostone. 	
It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a primary alcohol, an organobromine compound and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a primary alcohol, an organobromine compound and a sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. The molecule is a tricyclic sesquiterpenoid that is isolated from the Australian marine alga Laurencia filiformis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a folic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a folic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a member of folates. 	It is a conjugate base of a folic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a member of folates. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a folic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a member of folates. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is the dicarboxylic acid dianion formed from folic acid by loss of a proton from each of the two carboxy groups in the glutamic acid moiety. 	
It is a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an acetate ester and a steroid lactone. 	It is a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an acetate ester and a steroid lactone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a butenolide, a cyclic ether, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an acetate ester and a steroid lactone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a steroid lactone isolated from Elaeodendron tangenala and Elaeodendron glaucum and exhibits antiproliferative activity against A2780 human ovarian cancer cells. 	
It derives from a sirohydrochlorin. 	It derives from a sirohydrochlorin. It is a metalloporphyrin and a nickel coordination entity. 	It derives from a sirohydrochlorin. It is a metalloporphyrin and a nickel coordination entity. The molecule is a metalloporphyrin that is sirohydrochlorin in which the four nitrogen atoms are bound to a central nickel atom. 	
It derives from a butane. 	It derives from a butane. The molecule is a triol that is butane carrying three hydroxy substituents at position 1, 2 and 3. 	
It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid antibiotic. 	It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid antibiotic. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pyroglutamine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pyroglutamine. The molecule is a primary ammonium ion obtained by protonation of the primary amino function of pyroglutamine. 	
It is a haloalkane, an organobromine compound and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a mutagen. 	It is a haloalkane, an organobromine compound and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a mutagen. The molecule is a haloalkane that is bromoethane substituted by chlorine at position 2. 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a triphosphoric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a triphosphoric acid. It is a triphosphate ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a triphosphoric acid. It is a triphosphate ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion that consists of triphosphoric acid in which one of the five OH groups has been deprotonated. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a phosphoenolpyruvate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a phosphoenolpyruvate. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carboxyalkyl phosphate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a phosphoenolpyruvate. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carboxyalkyl phosphate. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a phosphoenolpyruvate. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carboxyalkyl phosphate. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a metabolic intermediate in pathways like glycolysis and gluconeogenesis. 	It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a phosphoenolpyruvate. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carboxyalkyl phosphate. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a metabolic intermediate in pathways like glycolysis and gluconeogenesis. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid substituted by a phosphonooxy group at position 2. 	
It derives from an isoamylol. 	It derives from an isoamylol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a member of benzamides, an imidazolidinone, a nitrile, a thiocarbonyl compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 	It is a member of benzamides, an imidazolidinone, a nitrile, a thiocarbonyl compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an androgen antagonist. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Juglans sinensis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a xanthoaphin. 	It is a conjugate base of a xanthoaphin. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	It is a conjugate base of a xanthoaphin. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). The molecule is a phenolate anion obtained by deprotonation of one of the two phenolic hydroxy groups of xanthoaphin. 	
It derives from a geldanamycin. 	It derives from a geldanamycin. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor. 	
It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. 	It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a member of adamantanes. 	It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a member of adamantanes. The molecule is a member of the class of adamantanes that is used as an antiviral and antiparkinson drug. 	
It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B2. 	It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B2. It is a proanthocyanidin, a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. 	It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B2. It is a proanthocyanidin, a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	
It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and an acetate ester. 	It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the bark of Machilus robusta. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glutathione. 	It is a conjugate base of a glutathione. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. 	It is a conjugate base of a glutathione. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. The molecule is a peptide anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups and protonation of the glutamyl amino group of glutathione; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an organic bromide salt and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 	It is an organic bromide salt and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It contains a dodecyl group. 	It contains a dodecyl group. It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. 	It contains a dodecyl group. It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It contains a dodecyl group. It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. The configuration at positions 2 and 6 is unknown or unspecified. 	
It is a tautomer of a hypotaurine. 	It is a tautomer of a hypotaurine. The molecule is zwitterionic form of hypotaurine arising from migration of a proton from the sulfonate group to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tautomer of a hydrogen cyanide. 	It is a tautomer of a hydrogen cyanide. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanide. 	It is a tautomer of a hydrogen cyanide. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanide. The molecule is a hydracid. 	
It is a conjugate base of an ibogamine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of an ibogamine(1+). It is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a conjugate base of an ibogamine(1+). It is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite and a oneirogen. 	It is a conjugate base of an ibogamine(1+). It is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite and a oneirogen. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C19H24N2. 	
It is a nitrile, a member of thiazolidines, an aromatic ether, an aryl sulfide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 	It is a nitrile, a member of thiazolidines, an aromatic ether, an aryl sulfide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a nitrile, a member of thiazolidines, an aromatic ether, an aryl sulfide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. A fungicide intended for use on horticultural crops including strawberries and grapevines. 	
It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. 	It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. The molecule is an aminodiol that is octadecane bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3 as well as an amino substituent at position 2. 	
It is an aminopyrimidine and a hydroxypyrimidine. 	It is an aminopyrimidine and a hydroxypyrimidine. It has a role as a chromophore and an antioxidant. 	
It derives from a hyodeoxycholic acid. 	It derives from a hyodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is an aryltetrahydrofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a ring assembly and a lignan. 	It is an aryltetrahydrofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a ring assembly and a lignan. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a neuroprotective agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a pyrroledicarboxylic acid in which the two carboxy groups are located at positions 2 and 5. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pimavanserin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pimavanserin. The molecule is a piperidinium ion obtained by protonation of the piperidine nitrogen of pimavanserin. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. The molecule is an anthocyanin cation that is cyanidin in which the hydroxyl hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are replaced by rutinosyl and glucosyl residues respectively. 	
It derives from a fluorescin. 	It derives from a fluorescin. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a xanthene dye, a member of phenols and an organoiodine compound. 	It derives from a fluorescin. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a xanthene dye, a member of phenols and an organoiodine compound. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It derives from a fluorescin. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a xanthene dye, a member of phenols and an organoiodine compound. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The dipotassium salt is the biological stain 'rose bengal'. 	It derives from a fluorescin. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a xanthene dye, a member of phenols and an organoiodine compound. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The dipotassium salt is the biological stain 'rose bengal'. The molecule is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2', 4', 5' and 7' (on the xanthene ring) and iodine substituents at position 2, 3, 4, and 5 (on the phenyl ring). 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antibacterial agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antibacterial agent. Isolated from Macaranga bicolor, it exhibits antibacterial and antineoplastic activities. 	
It is a conjugate base of a massadine(2+). It is a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolecarboxamide and an organobromine compound. 	It is a conjugate base of a massadine(2+). It is a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolecarboxamide and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a massadine(2+). It is a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolecarboxamide and an organobromine compound. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. The molecule is an alkaloid isolated from Stylissa massa. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glutathioselenol. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a glutathioselenol. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is an carboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of both carboxy groups and the protonation of the primary amino group of glutathione. 	
It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. 	It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. Isolated from Daphnia pulex, it induces morphological changes of phytoplankton Scenedesmus gutwinskii. 	
It is an oxalate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. 	It is an oxalate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It is an oxalate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of oxalic acid. 	
It is a nitrosamine and a piperidine. 	It is a nitrosamine and a piperidine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a mutagen and an environmental contaminant. 	It is a nitrosamine and a piperidine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a mutagen and an environmental contaminant. One of the many carcinogens detected in cigarette smoke, it is found in meat, cheese and spices that have been treated with the preservative sodium nitrite. The molecule is a nitrosamine that is piperidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a nitroso group. 	
It contains a benazepril(1+). 	It contains a benazepril(1+). of hydrogen chloride. 	It contains a benazepril(1+). of hydrogen chloride. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of benazepril with 1 mol eq. 	
It derives from a psoralen. 	It derives from a psoralen. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic ether, an enol, an enone and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 	It is a cyclic ether, an enol, an enone and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a cyclic ether, an enol, an enone and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the sponge Ulosa and ascidian Diplosoma virens, it exhibits antimicrobial activity and toxicity against HCT116 cells (human colorectal cancer cells) by triggering apoptotic cell death. 	
It is a dibutyrin and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a dibutyrin and a secondary alcohol. The molecule is a dibutyrin resulting from the condensation of both of the primary hydroxy groups of glycerol with butyric acid. 	
It is an arenesulfonic acid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an imine. 	It is an arenesulfonic acid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an imine. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'azocarmine G'. 	
It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene, an azaarene and a member of pyridines. 	It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene, an azaarene and a member of pyridines. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. 	It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene, an azaarene and a member of pyridines. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. It is the parent compound of the class pyridines. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 	It derives from a hydride of a cumene. It has a role as an insecticide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cumene. It has a role as an insecticide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a component of essential oils from Cumin and exhibits insecticidal activities. The molecule is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. 	
It contains a sotalol(1+). 	It contains a sotalol(1+). It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. 	It contains a sotalol(1+). It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt that is the monohydrochloride of sotalol. 	
It is a conjugate base of a methyl dihydrogen phosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a methyl dihydrogen phosphate. It has a role as a phosphoantigen and an epitope. 	It is a conjugate base of a methyl dihydrogen phosphate. It has a role as a phosphoantigen and an epitope. The molecule is dianion of methyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a chloroorienticin B. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chloroorienticin B. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a chloroorienticin B. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups and protonation of the two free amino groups of chloroorienticin B. 	
It is a NTA and a tricarboxylic acid trianion. 	It is a NTA and a tricarboxylic acid trianion. The molecule is a tricarboxylic acid trianion resulting from the deprotonation of all three hydroxy groups of nitrilotriacetic acid. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of globostellatic acid B. 	
It has a role as a neurotoxin and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the plant Prunus africana and has been shown to exhibit antiandrogenic activity. 	It has a role as a neurotoxin and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the plant Prunus africana and has been shown to exhibit antiandrogenic activity. The molecule is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by a butyl group at the nitrogen atom. 	
It is a conjugate base of an eprazinone(2+). 	It is a conjugate base of an eprazinone(2+). It has a role as a mucolytic. 	
It contains a molybdate. 	It contains a molybdate. It has a role as a poison. 	It contains a molybdate. It has a role as a poison. The molecule is an inorganic sodium salt having molybdate as the counterion. 	
It derives from a succinic acid. 	It derives from a succinic acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid carrying hydroxy and methyl substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an alanine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an alanine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an erythronolide B. 	It derives from an erythronolide B. It is a glycoside, a macrolide and a monosaccharide derivative. 	It derives from an erythronolide B. It is a glycoside, a macrolide and a monosaccharide derivative. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as an alkylating agent, a genotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen and an apoptosis inducer. 	It has a role as an alkylating agent, a genotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen and an apoptosis inducer. The molecule is a methanesulfonate ester resulting from the formal condensation of methanesulfonic acid with methanol. 	
It is a glycoside, a hexasaccharide derivative and a methyl ester. 	It is a glycoside, a hexasaccharide derivative and a methyl ester. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a hopanoid, a tetrol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 	It is a hopanoid, a tetrol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a hopanoid, a tetrol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Hypocrella species. 	
It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard, a peroxol and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard, a peroxol and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent, a metabolite and a drug allergen. 	It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard, a peroxol and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent, a metabolite and a drug allergen. It has potent antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. 	It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard, a peroxol and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent, a metabolite and a drug allergen. It has potent antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. The molecule is a phosphorodiamide that is the active metabolite of the nitrogen mustard cyclophosphamide. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organofluorine insecticide, a member of bromobenzenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	It is a member of benzamides, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organofluorine insecticide, a member of bromobenzenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. An insecticide that exhibits high larvicidal activity against Spodoptera litura and is effective against pests with resistance to cyclodienes and fipronil It has a role as an agrochemical and a GABA antagonist. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. 	It has a role as a metabolite and a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. Isolated from the leaves of Salix matsudana, it acts as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. 	
It is an enamide and a tertiary carboxamide. 	It is an enamide and a tertiary carboxamide. It has a role as an antipruritic drug and a scabicide. 	It is an enamide and a tertiary carboxamide. It has a role as an antipruritic drug and a scabicide. It has also been used as an acaricide in the treatment of scabies, though more effective drugs are usually preferred. 	
It derives from a Photinus luciferin. 	It derives from a Photinus luciferin. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It derives from a Photinus luciferin. It has a role as an animal metabolite. Not a substrate for firefly luciferase. 	It derives from a Photinus luciferin. It has a role as an animal metabolite. Not a substrate for firefly luciferase. The molecule is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is Photinus luciferin in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It is a pyridobenzodiazepine, a member of ureas, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a pyridobenzodiazepine, a member of ureas, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. 	It is a pyridobenzodiazepine, a member of ureas, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. The molecule is a pyridobenzodiazepine that acts as a selective antagonist of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. 	
It is a neolignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a member of phenols, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a neolignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a member of phenols, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a neolignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran, a member of phenols, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a neolignan isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. 	
It is a member of monofluorobenzenes, an aromatic ketone, a member of piperidines, a member of oxindoles and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of monofluorobenzenes, an aromatic ketone, a member of piperidines, a member of oxindoles and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist and a receptor modulator. 	
It is a pentachlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. 	It is a pentachlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. The molecule is a pentachlorobiphenyl in which the chlorines are located at the 3, 4, 5, 3', and 4' positions. 	
It is a member of pyranoxanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of pyranoxanthones and a polyphenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a member of chalcones and a member of resorcinols. 	It is a member of chalcones and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of chalcones and a member of resorcinols. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the aerial parts of Ellipeiopsis cherrevensis and exhibits antibacterial, antimalarial and antineoplastic activity. 	
It derives from a flavonol. 	It derives from a flavonol. It is a trimethoxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a dihydroxyflavone. 	It derives from a flavonol. It is a trimethoxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a flavonol. It is a trimethoxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a dihydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of flavonols that is flavonol substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 5 and methoxy groups at positions 7, 8 and 4' respectively. 	
It contains a bevantolol. 	It contains a bevantolol. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of bevantolol. 	
It derives from a benzoic acid. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a dichlorobenzene and a chlorobenzoic acid. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a dichlorobenzene and a chlorobenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a dichlorobenzene and a chlorobenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a chlorobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid in which the ring hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 are substituted by chloro groups. 	
It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is a cyanine dye and an organic iodide salt. 	
It contains a lithium(1+). 	It contains a lithium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant. 	It contains a lithium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant. The molecule is a metal sulfate in which the counterion is lithium and the ratio of lithium to sulfate is 2:1. 	
It is a conjugate base of a vindolinium(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a vindolinium(1+). The molecule is a vinca alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary alcohol. 	
It is a conjugate base of a choline hydrogen sulfate. It is an ammonium betaine and a member of choline sulfates. 	It is a conjugate base of a choline hydrogen sulfate. It is an ammonium betaine and a member of choline sulfates. The molecule is an ammonium betaine that is the conjugate base of choline hydrogen sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfate OH group. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a coral metabolite. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a coral metabolite. The molecule is a cembrane diterpenoid with cytotoxic activity isolated from the soft coral Lobophytum michaelae. 	
It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, an enol ether, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. 	It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, an enol ether, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. A cereal fungicide used to control a wide range of diseases including brown rust, tan spot, powdery mildew and net blotch. 	
It derives from a chelidonine. 	It derives from a chelidonine. It is a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a benzophenanthridine alkaloid. 	It derives from a chelidonine. It is a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a benzophenanthridine alkaloid. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a hepatoprotective agent. 	It derives from a chelidonine. It is a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a benzophenanthridine alkaloid. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a hepatoprotective agent. Isolated from the aerial parts of Corydalis incisa, it acts as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and also exhibits antineoplastic and hepatoprotective activity. 	It derives from a chelidonine. It is a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a benzophenanthridine alkaloid. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a hepatoprotective agent. Isolated from the aerial parts of Corydalis incisa, it acts as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and also exhibits antineoplastic and hepatoprotective activity. The molecule is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid that is chelidonine substituted by a methyl group at position 13. 	
It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. 	It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	
It has a role as an epitope. 	It has a role as an epitope. Corresponds to the JKLM ring fragment and epitope of ciguatoxin. 	
It is an organic disulfide and an organic aromatic compound. 	It is an organic disulfide and an organic aromatic compound. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is an organic disulfide and an organic aromatic compound. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of benzyl thiol. 	
It derives from a coumarin. 	It derives from a coumarin. It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monomethoxybenzene. 	
It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. 	It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. 	It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. It acts as a proteasome inhibitor and is isolated from Apiospora montagnei Sacc. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It contains an anileridine(2+). 	It contains an anileridine(2+). It has a role as an opioid analgesic. 	It contains an anileridine(2+). It has a role as an opioid analgesic. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt prepared from anileridine and 2 equivalents of hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pazopanib(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a pazopanib(1+). It is a member of indazoles, an aminopyrimidine and a sulfonamide. 	It is a conjugate base of a pazopanib(1+). It is a member of indazoles, an aminopyrimidine and a sulfonamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist and an angiogenesis modulating agent. 	It is a conjugate base of a pazopanib(1+). It is a member of indazoles, an aminopyrimidine and a sulfonamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist and an angiogenesis modulating agent. Used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of kidney cancer. 	
It derives from a mevalonic acid. 	It derives from a mevalonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a piperidinecarboxylate ester and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a piperidinecarboxylate ester and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a gallate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a gallate. The molecule is a trihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are at positions 3, 4, and 5. 	
It is a norlignan, a polyphenol and an olefinic compound. 	It is a norlignan, a polyphenol and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of isocoumarins, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a member of isocoumarins, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and a fungal metabolite. 	It is a member of isocoumarins, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and a fungal metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of isocoumarins isolated from the marine fungus Alternaria tenuis and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activities. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a docosanoic acid. The molecule is a diacylglycerol 38:0 in which the acyl groups specified at positions 1 and 2 are hexadecanoyl and docosanoyl respectively. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenvanadate. It is a conjugate base of a vanadic acid. It is a vanadium oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenvanadate. It is a conjugate base of a vanadic acid. It is a vanadium oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a cofactor. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenvanadate. It is a conjugate base of a vanadic acid. It is a vanadium oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a cofactor. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion that consists of vanadic acid where one of the three OH groups has been deprotonated. 	
It contains a quinapril(1+). 	It contains a quinapril(1+). The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of quinapril and hydrogen chloride. 	
It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. 	It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. It is a morphinane alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. It is a morphinane alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. The molecule is a morphinane alkaloid that is a hydrogenated ketone derivative of morphine. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a hederagenin. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a hederagenin. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a hederagenin. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a triterpenoid saponin. It has been isolated from the stem barks of Kalopanax pictus. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a hederagenin. It is an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a triterpenoid saponin. It has been isolated from the stem barks of Kalopanax pictus. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin that has hederagenin as the sapogenin. 	
It contains an enalapril. 	It contains an enalapril. It contains one molecule of maleic acid for each molecule of enalapril. 	It contains an enalapril. It contains one molecule of maleic acid for each molecule of enalapril. The molecule is the maleic acid salt of enalapril. 	
It derives from an orlandin. 	It derives from an orlandin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an orlandin. It has a role as a metabolite. A fungal metabolite, its isolation from Aspergillus clavatus was first reported in 1971. 	
It contains a nimustine(1+). 	It contains a nimustine(1+). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains a nimustine(1+). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. An antineoplastic agent especially effective against malignant brain tumors. 	It contains a nimustine(1+). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. An antineoplastic agent especially effective against malignant brain tumors. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining nimustine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It derives from a nonadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a nonadecanoic acid. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of nonadecanoic acid with methanol. 	
It has also been used as a fluorescent sensor to monitor the consumption of a boronic acid in Suzuki coupling reactions; fluorescence is readily detectable by the naked eye using a standard 365 nm UV lamp. 	It has also been used as a fluorescent sensor to monitor the consumption of a boronic acid in Suzuki coupling reactions; fluorescence is readily detectable by the naked eye using a standard 365 nm UV lamp. A hyaluronan synthesis inhibitor. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the marine sponge Melophlus sarasinorum and other species of genus Melophlus, it exhibits cytotoxicity against murine leukemia cell line. 	
It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines, a member of naphthalenes and an organobromine compound. 	It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines, a member of naphthalenes and an organobromine compound. It has a role as a hormone, a plant growth regulator and an abscisic acid receptor agonist. 	It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines, a member of naphthalenes and an organobromine compound. It has a role as a hormone, a plant growth regulator and an abscisic acid receptor agonist. Mimics the action of the abscisic acid, a phytohormone. 	
It is a conjugate base of a ureidoacrylic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a ureidoacrylic acid. It derives from an acrylate. 	It is a conjugate base of a ureidoacrylic acid. It derives from an acrylate. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a ureidoacrylic acid. It derives from an acrylate. It is the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of ureidoacrylic acid. 	
It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cob(I)yrinic acid a,c diamide. 	It is a conjugate base of a cob(I)yrinic acid a,c diamide. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	It is a conjugate base of a cob(I)yrinic acid a,c diamide. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). The molecule is a precorrin carboxylic acid anion obtained by global deprotonation of the carboxy groups of cob(I)yrinate a,c diamide. 	
It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a member of compatible osmolytes. It also helps maintain and strengthen heart muscles. 	It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a member of compatible osmolytes. It also helps maintain and strengthen heart muscles. It is an essential component of collagen and is important for proper functioning of joints and tendons. 	
It derives from an ibuprofen. 	It derives from an ibuprofen. Used for treatment of pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal and joint disorders. 	It derives from an ibuprofen. Used for treatment of pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal and joint disorders. The molecule is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of ibuprofen with the amino group of hydroxylamine. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a dibunate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dibunate. It has a role as an antitussive. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a xylulose. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a lysine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a lysine. It is a conjugate base of a lysinium(2+). 	
It derives from a mercaptoethanol. 	It derives from a mercaptoethanol. It is a diol and an aliphatic sulfide. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Aglaia abbreviata. 	
It is a member of pyrazines, a methyl ester and an aromatic amine. 	It is a member of pyrazines, a methyl ester and an aromatic amine. The molecule is a pyrazine that is substituted by a methoxycarbonyl group at position 2 and an amino group at position 3. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cannabidiolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a cannabidiolic acid. It derives from an olivetolate. 	It is a conjugate base of a cannabidiolic acid. It derives from an olivetolate. The molecule is a dihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of cannabidiolic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of pyrroles. 	It is a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of pyrroles. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as an antigen. 	It has a role as an antigen. The molecule is a glycopeptidolipid antigen from clinically prominent members of the Mycobacterium avium serocomplex. 	
It is a methyl ester, an Aspidosperma alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a methyl ester, an Aspidosperma alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a methyl ester, an Aspidosperma alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. A natural product found in several plant species including Alstonia venenata and Catharanthus trichophyllus. 	
It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate. 	It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate. The molecule is zwitterionic form of psychosine sulfate arising from transfer of a proton from the sulfo to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It contains an aluminium(3+). 	It contains an aluminium(3+). It is a metal sulfate, an aluminium salt and a potassium salt. 	It contains an aluminium(3+). It is a metal sulfate, an aluminium salt and a potassium salt. It has a role as a flame retardant, a mordant and an astringent. 	It contains an aluminium(3+). It is a metal sulfate, an aluminium salt and a potassium salt. It has a role as a flame retardant, a mordant and an astringent. The molecule is a metal sulfate composed of potassium, aluminium and sulfate ions in the ration 1:1:2. 	
It is an anthocyanidin glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a cinnamate ester. 	It is an anthocyanidin glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a cinnamate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a NSC 56820. 	It is a conjugate base of a NSC 56820. Acid Blue 22, also known as water blue. 	It is a conjugate base of a NSC 56820. Acid Blue 22, also known as water blue. The disodium salt is the biological stain C.I. 	It is a conjugate base of a NSC 56820. Acid Blue 22, also known as water blue. The disodium salt is the biological stain C.I. The molecule is an arenesulfonate oxoanion that is a dianion resulting from the removal of a proton from all three sulfonic acid groups of NSC 56820 and the protonation of its imino nitrogen. 	
It derives from a gibberellin A1. 	It derives from a gibberellin A1. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a gibberellin A1. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. The molecule is a gibberellin ester that is the methyl ester of gibberellin A1. 	
It is a conjugate base of an isobutyric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an isobutyric acid. It derives from a propionate. 	It is a conjugate base of an isobutyric acid. It derives from a propionate. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a lupulone. 	It is a conjugate base of a lupulone. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It derives from an oleandomycin. 	It derives from an oleandomycin. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyketide, a monosaccharide derivative, an epoxide, an acetate ester and a semisynthetic derivative. 	It derives from an oleandomycin. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyketide, a monosaccharide derivative, an epoxide, an acetate ester and a semisynthetic derivative. Troleandomycin is only found in individuals that have taken the drug. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. It is isolated from a Panamanian strain of the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula and displays antimalarial activity. 	
It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrimidone, a secondary amino compound and a pyrimidine fungicide. 	It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrimidone, a secondary amino compound and a pyrimidine fungicide. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	
It contains a levobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous), a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous) and a bupivacaine(1+). 	It contains a levobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous), a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous) and a bupivacaine(1+). The monohydrate form is commonly used as a local anaesthetic. 	It contains a levobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous), a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous) and a bupivacaine(1+). The monohydrate form is commonly used as a local anaesthetic. The molecule is a racemate composed of equimolar amounts of dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride and levobupivacaine hydrochloride. 	
It derives from a cucurbitacin J. 	It derives from a cucurbitacin J. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a cucurbitacin J. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Machilus yaoshansis. 	
It is a member of phenols, a ketone and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It is a member of phenols, a ketone and a monomethoxybenzene. The major pungent component in ginger. 	
It derives from an icosanoic acid and a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from an icosanoic acid and a docosanoic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a pelitinib. 	It derives from a pelitinib. It is an aminoquinoline, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a nitrile, an organofluorine compound and an organochlorine compound. 	
It derives from an isoeugenol. 	It derives from an isoeugenol. It is an aryl sulfate, a monomethoxybenzene and a phenylpropanoid. 	It derives from an isoeugenol. It is an aryl sulfate, a monomethoxybenzene and a phenylpropanoid. The molecule is a phenylpropanoid that is isoeugenol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It derives from a sphingosine. 	It derives from a sphingosine. It is a phosphosphingolipid, a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phosphocholines. 	It derives from a sphingosine. It is a phosphosphingolipid, a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phosphocholines. The molecule is a cationic phosphosphingolipid consisting of sphingosine having a phosphocholine moiety attached to its primary hydroxyl group. 	
It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus ochraceus. 	
It derives from a steviolmonoside. 	It derives from a steviolmonoside. It has a role as a sweetening agent, a plant metabolite and an antitubercular agent. 	
It is a diether, a member of imidazoles, a sulfoxide, an aromatic ether, a secondary carboxamide and a benzazocine. 	It is a diether, a member of imidazoles, a sulfoxide, an aromatic ether, a secondary carboxamide and a benzazocine. It is a potent chemokine 2 and 5 receptor antagonist currently in development for the treatment of liver fibrosis in adults with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). 	
It contains a dimethylarsinate. 	It contains a dimethylarsinate. It has a role as a buffer and a herbicide. 	It contains a dimethylarsinate. It has a role as a buffer and a herbicide. The molecule is the organic sodium salt of dimethylarsinate. 	
It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It derives from a withaferin A. 	It derives from a withaferin A. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Physalis longifolia, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tetryzoline(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a tetryzoline(1+). It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent and a nasal decongestant. 	It is a conjugate base of a tetryzoline(1+). It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent and a nasal decongestant. The molecule is a member of imidazolines and a carboxamidine. 	
It is a terpenoid fundamental parent, a monoterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a terpenoid fundamental parent, a monoterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. The molecule is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[4.1.0]heptane substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7 and 7. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a primulagenin A. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a primulagenin A. It is a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a primulagenin A. It is a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a primulagenin A. It is a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Lysimachia clethroides. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It derives from a primulagenin A. It is a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrasaccharide derivative and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Lysimachia clethroides. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin that is primulagenin A attached to a tetrasaccharide residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. 	
It is a triazolopyridine, a terminal acetylenic compound and a dichlorobenzene. 	It is a triazolopyridine, a terminal acetylenic compound and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. 	It is a triazolopyridine, a terminal acetylenic compound and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. Not approved for use within the European Union. 	It is a triazolopyridine, a terminal acetylenic compound and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. Not approved for use within the European Union. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide to control weeds in fruit crops such as pineapple, citrus, melons, and grapes. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a deacetoxyvindoline. 	It is a conjugate acid of a deacetoxyvindoline. The molecule is the conjugate acid of deacetoxyvindoline arising from protonation of the tertiary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a sulfone, a member of benzamides, a member of pyridines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It is a sulfone, a member of benzamides, a member of pyridines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a SMO receptor antagonist, a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. 	It is a sulfone, a member of benzamides, a member of pyridines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a SMO receptor antagonist, a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. Used for the treatment metastatic basal cell carcinoma. 	
It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a proteasome inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tazobactam. 	It is a conjugate base of a tazobactam. The molecule is a penicillinate anion that is the conjugate base of tazobactam, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent, an antimalarial and an antimycobacterial drug. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent, an antimalarial and an antimycobacterial drug. It is isolated from the root extract of Bauhinia purpurea and exhibits antimalarial, antimycobacterial, antifungal and cytotoxic activities. 	
It derives from a physcion. 	It derives from a physcion. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative and a monohydroxyanthraquinone. 	It derives from a physcion. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative and a monohydroxyanthraquinone. Isolated from Cassia torosa, it exhibits inhibitory effect towards the release of leucotrienes. 	
It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 	It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a cyclohexanol. 	It derives from a cyclohexanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a cyclohexanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the commonly used plasticiser dicyclohexyl phthalate. 	It derives from a cyclohexanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the commonly used plasticiser dicyclohexyl phthalate. The molecule is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with cyclohexanol. 	
It is a conjugate base of a heptanoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a heptanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a vitamin D2. 	It derives from a vitamin D2. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a nutraceutical and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a vitamin D2. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a nutraceutical and a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxycalciol that is vitamin D2 in which the hydrogen at position 25 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a C16 phytosphingosine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a C16 phytosphingosine. The molecule is a cationic sphingoid that is the conjugate acid of C16 phytosphingosine, obtained by protonation of the primary amino function; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a cyanine dye and an organosulfonate oxoanion. 	It is a cyanine dye and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It is a cyanine dye and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. The molecule is an anionic unsymmetrical C5 cyanine dye having differentially substituted indoleinine units at either end. 	
It is a tertiary amino compound and a racemate. 	It is a tertiary amino compound and a racemate. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant, an antispasmodic drug, a parasympatholytic, a calcium channel blocker and a local anaesthetic. 	It is a tertiary amino compound and a racemate. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant, an antispasmodic drug, a parasympatholytic, a calcium channel blocker and a local anaesthetic. An antispasmodic used for the treatment of overactive bladder. 	
It is a member of sulfamides, a sulfonamide, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a bromoindole, a sulfonamide fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 	It is a member of sulfamides, a sulfonamide, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a bromoindole, a sulfonamide fungicide and a triazole fungicide. It has a low mammalian toxicity but it is considered to be a reproduction toxicant, is moderately toxic to birds and honey bees but poses a greater risk to aquatic species and earthworms. 	It is a member of sulfamides, a sulfonamide, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a bromoindole, a sulfonamide fungicide and a triazole fungicide. It has a low mammalian toxicity but it is considered to be a reproduction toxicant, is moderately toxic to birds and honey bees but poses a greater risk to aquatic species and earthworms. A fungicide for use on potatoes to control late blight (Phytophthora infestans) and downy mildew [Plasmopara viticola). 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. on cereals, beets and fruit. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. on cereals, beets and fruit. A fungicide used to control Ascomycetes, Deuteromycetes and Basidiomycetes spp. 	
It derives from a dopamine. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and a member of catechols. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and a member of catechols. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and a member of catechols. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a marine metabolite. A dopamine metabolite. 	It derives from a dopamine. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and a member of catechols. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a marine metabolite. A dopamine metabolite. The molecule is a secondary carboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with the amino group of dopamine. 	
It is an amino oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a member of nystatins and a carboxylic acid. 	It is a member of nystatins and a carboxylic acid. The molecule is a polyene macrolide antibiotic; part of the nystatin complex produced by several Streptococcus species. 	
It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. 	
It is a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ketone, a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ketone, a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It is a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ketone, a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It isolated from Micromonospora and acts as an inhibitor of lipid peroxidation. 	
It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 	It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It has a role as a tracer and a fluorescent dye. 	It has a role as a tracer and a fluorescent dye. A fluorescent dye, it is commonly used as a tracer agent. 	
It contains a NAN 190(1+). 	It contains a NAN 190(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. 	It contains a NAN 190(1+). It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. The molecule is a hydrobromide obtained by reaction of NAN 190 with one equivalent of hydrobromic acid. 	
It contains a picrate anion, a butamben and a butamben(1+). 	It contains a picrate anion, a butamben and a butamben(1+). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. 	It contains a picrate anion, a butamben and a butamben(1+). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. of picric acid. 	It contains a picrate anion, a butamben and a butamben(1+). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. of picric acid. The molecule is an organoammonium salt resulting from the formal reaction of butamben with 0.5 mol eq. 	
It is a conjugate base of a phytyl phosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a phytyl phosphate. The molecule is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of phytyl phosphate. 	
It derives from an umbelliferone. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a hyaluronic acid synthesis inhibitor. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a hyaluronic acid synthesis inhibitor. The molecule is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone substituted by a methyl group at position 4. 	
It derives from a betaenone A. 	It derives from a betaenone A. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an iron chelator and a fungal metabolite. 	It derives from a betaenone A. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an iron chelator and a fungal metabolite. A phytotoxin isolated from the endophytic fungus Stemphylium botryosum, it shows high affinity for ferric (but not ferrous) ions. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from an anthranilate. 	It derives from an anthranilate. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. 	
It derives from a bruceolide. 	It derives from a bruceolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifeedant. 	It derives from a bruceolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifeedant. It has been isolated from Brucea javanica and Brucea sumatrana. 	
It derives from a neamine. 	It derives from a neamine. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 	
It is an oligosaccharide phosphate and an amino octasaccharide. 	It is an oligosaccharide phosphate and an amino octasaccharide. Corresponds to the core oligosaccharide of Neisseria meningitidis. 	
It derives from a furan. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and an aldehyde. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and an aldehyde. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product and a metabolite. 	It derives from a furan. It is a member of furans and an aldehyde. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product and a metabolite. The molecule is an aldehyde that is furan with the hydrogen at position 2 substituted by a formyl group. 	
It derives from an isobutyric acid. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungicide, a volatile oil component, a marine metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a gramine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a gramine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a gramine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino function of gramine; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It derives from a zymosterol. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It derives from a zymosterol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It derives from a zymosterol. 	It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. It derives from a zymosterol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. It is used as oral farnesyltransferase inhibitor. 	
It is a member of pyrroles, a dicarboxylic acid and an aralkylamino compound. 	It is a member of pyrroles, a dicarboxylic acid and an aralkylamino compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a resolvin T2. 	It is a conjugate base of a resolvin T2. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a docosanoid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a resolvin T2. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a docosanoid anion. The molecule is a docosanoid anion that is the conjugate base of resolvin T2, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a testosterone. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as an androgen and a Daphnia magna metabolite. 	It derives from a testosterone. It has a role as an androgen and a Daphnia magna metabolite. A natural product found in Daphnia magna exposed to the biocide tributyltin. 	
It has a role as a histological dye, a food colouring and an allergen. 	It has a role as a histological dye, a food colouring and an allergen. It is used as the erythrocyte stain in Garvey's method for elastic, fibrin and collagen as well as a substitute for martius yellow in Lendrum's MSB. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a DiHETE consisting of arachidonic acid having the two hydroxy substituents located at position 17 and 18. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. The molecule is a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0 in which the acyl substituent is located at position 1 and is specified as stearoyl. 	
It derives from an usaramine. 	It derives from an usaramine. It is a diol, a macrocyclic lactone, an olefinic compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a primary alcohol, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary amine oxide. 	It derives from an usaramine. It is a diol, a macrocyclic lactone, an olefinic compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a primary alcohol, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary amine oxide. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a lochnericine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a lochnericine. It is an indole alkaloid cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is a conjugate acid of a lochnericine. It is an indole alkaloid cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate acid of a lochnericine. It is an indole alkaloid cation and an ammonium ion derivative. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is an ammonium ion derivative resulting from the protonation of the tertiary amino group of lochnericine. 	
It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a member of rotenones. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a member of rotenones. It has a role as a pesticide, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a member of rotenones. It has a role as a pesticide, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is isolated from the leaves and twigs of Antheroporum pierrei and exhibits antineoplastic and pesticidal activities. 	
It derives from an eckol and a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from an eckol and a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. 	It derives from an eckol and a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. 	It derives from an eckol and a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. Isolated from the marine brown alga, Ecklonia cava, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. It is isolated from Podocarpus macrophyllus. 	It has a role as a metabolite. It is isolated from Podocarpus macrophyllus. The molecule is a diterpenoid that is a organic heterohexacyclic compound consisting of lactone and epoxide ring systems. 	
It contains a conivaptan. 	It contains a conivaptan. It has a role as a vasopressin receptor antagonist. It is an antagonist for two of the three types of arginine vasopressin (AVP) receptors, V1a and V2, and is used for the treatment of hyponatraemia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). 	It contains a conivaptan. It has a role as a vasopressin receptor antagonist. It is an antagonist for two of the three types of arginine vasopressin (AVP) receptors, V1a and V2, and is used for the treatment of hyponatraemia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of conivaptan. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hepoxilin A3. 	It is a conjugate base of a hepoxilin A3. The molecule is a hepoxilin anion that is the conjugate base of hepoxilin A3, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a ryanodine receptor modulator and a TRP channel blocker. 	It has a role as a ryanodine receptor modulator and a TRP channel blocker. The molecule is a ruthenium coordination entity. 	
It derives from a tryptamine. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a primary amino compound. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a hallucinogen. 	It derives from a tryptamine. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a hallucinogen. The molecule is a tryptamine alkaloid that is tryptamine carrying an additional phosphoryloxy substituent at position 4. 	
It has a role as a local anaesthetic. 	It has a role as a local anaesthetic. Used as a local anaesthetic (amide caine), it has rapid onset and long action properties, similar to bupivacaine, and is given by injection during surgical procedures and during labour and delivery. 	
It is a tocotrienol and a vitamin E. 	It is a tocotrienol and a vitamin E. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a fragrance, a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. 	It has a role as a fragrance, a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. Found particularly in cereals and cereal products, it is present in baked or fried potato, bread, roasted peanuts, and cooked shrimp, as well as cocoa, coffee, and tea. 	It has a role as a fragrance, a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. Found particularly in cereals and cereal products, it is present in baked or fried potato, bread, roasted peanuts, and cooked shrimp, as well as cocoa, coffee, and tea. The molecule is a member of the class of pyrazines that is pyrazine in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by an ethyl group. 	
It is a cyclosporin A derivative and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a cyclosporin A derivative and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 	
It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. Fenfluramine was used as the hydrochloride for treatment of diabetes and obesity. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. Fenfluramine was used as the hydrochloride for treatment of diabetes and obesity. This suppresses the appetite for carbohydrates. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. Fenfluramine was used as the hydrochloride for treatment of diabetes and obesity. This suppresses the appetite for carbohydrates. The resulting increased levels of serotonin lead to greater serotonin receptor activation which in turn lead to enhancement of serotoninergic transmission in the centres of feeding behavior located in the hypothalamus. 	It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. Fenfluramine was used as the hydrochloride for treatment of diabetes and obesity. This suppresses the appetite for carbohydrates. The resulting increased levels of serotonin lead to greater serotonin receptor activation which in turn lead to enhancement of serotoninergic transmission in the centres of feeding behavior located in the hypothalamus. It binds to the serotonin reuptake pump, causing inhbition of serotonin uptake and release of serotonin. 	
It has a role as an antigen. 	It has a role as an antigen. The molecule is a glycopeptidolipid antigen from clinically prominent members of the Mycobacterium avium serocomplex. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aurintricarboxylate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aurintricarboxylate. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, a member of quinomethanes and a tricarboxylic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aurintricarboxylate. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, a member of quinomethanes and a tricarboxylic acid. The trisodium salt is the biological stain 'chrome violet CG' while the triammonium salt is 'aluminon'. 	
It is an enone, a sesquiterpenoid and a bridged compound. 	It is an enone, a sesquiterpenoid and a bridged compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. 	It is an enone, a sesquiterpenoid and a bridged compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid isolated from Cyperus rotundus and Cyperus articulatus and has been shown to exhibit antiplasmodial activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a coproporphyrinogen I. 	It is a conjugate base of a coproporphyrinogen I. The molecule is the cyclic tetrapyrrole anion formed by loss of a proton from each of the four carboxy groups of coproporphyrinogen I. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a secondary alcohol and a homoallylic alcohol. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a secondary alcohol and a homoallylic alcohol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a carbon oxoacid, a nitroso compound and an organic peroxide. 	It is a carbon oxoacid, a nitroso compound and an organic peroxide. At physiological pH, nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid is highly unstable, rapidly decomposing to give CO2, NO2, and hydroxyl radicals. 	It is a carbon oxoacid, a nitroso compound and an organic peroxide. At physiological pH, nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid is highly unstable, rapidly decomposing to give CO2, NO2, and hydroxyl radicals. The molecule is a carbon oxoacid that is carbonic acid in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a nitrosoxy group. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthols. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthols. It has a role as a drug metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a benzimidazolide. 	It is a conjugate acid of a benzimidazolide. It is a benzimidazole and a polycyclic heteroarene. 	
It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a carboxylic ester, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a carboxylic ester, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a sesquiterpene lactone and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Inula helenium. 	It is a sesquiterpene lactone and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Inula helenium. The molecule is a sesquiterpene lactone of the eudesmanolide group. 	
It has a role as a mite growth regulator. 	It has a role as a mite growth regulator. The molecule is a benzoylurea insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of phenylureas, a difluorobenzene and a member of cyclopropanes. 	
It is an aminopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. 	It is an aminopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. 	
It is a bridged compound, a member of benzodioxoles, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enol ether, an enone, a neolignan, a cyclic ketone and a ring assembly. 	It is a bridged compound, a member of benzodioxoles, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enol ether, an enone, a neolignan, a cyclic ketone and a ring assembly. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a bridged compound, a member of benzodioxoles, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enol ether, an enone, a neolignan, a cyclic ketone and a ring assembly. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a neolignan with formula C20H20O5 that is isolated from Magnolia sprengeri and Piper wallichii. 	
It is a conjugate base of an undecanoic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an undecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of an undecanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a trihydroxyflavone and a sophoroside. 	It is a trihydroxyflavone and a sophoroside. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It contains a diphenhydramine. 	It contains a diphenhydramine. It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. 	It contains a diphenhydramine. It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of diphenhydramine. 	
It is a furofuran, a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 	It is a furofuran, a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as an allergen. 	It has a role as an allergen. Synthetic artemisinin derivative with potent immunosuppressive activity. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a cardioprotective agent and an anticoagulant. 	
It derives from a solanidine. 	It derives from a solanidine. It is a steroid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 	It derives from a solanidine. It is a steroid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a solanidine. It is a steroid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a glycoalkaloid poison found in species of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), such as the potato (Solanum tuberosum). 	
It derives from an azadiradione. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. 	It derives from an azadiradione. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. The molecule is a limonoid that is azadiradione in which the furanyl group at position 17 is replaced by a hydrogen. 	
It is a furofuran, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a lignan. 	It is a furofuran, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a lignan. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It is a furofuran, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a lignan. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Balanophora abbreviata, it exhibits inhibitory activity against nitric oxide synthase. 	
It derives from a camalexin. 	It derives from a camalexin. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. 	It derives from a camalexin. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. The molecule is an indole phytoalexin that is camalexin in which the hydrogen at position 6 on the indole fragment has been replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It derives from a magnesium protoporphyrin. 	It derives from a magnesium protoporphyrin. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a methyl ester and a magnesium porphyrin. 	
It has a role as an antimalarial. 	It has a role as an antimalarial. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid compound which is used as a drug for treatment of malaria. 	
It is a member of morpholines, a chloropyridine, a tertiary carboxamide and an enamide. 	It is a member of morpholines, a chloropyridine, a tertiary carboxamide and an enamide. It has a role as a fungicide. 	It is a member of morpholines, a chloropyridine, a tertiary carboxamide and an enamide. It has a role as a fungicide. A fungicide developed in China, it shows high antifungal activity against diseases caused by Phytophthora infestans, Phytophthora capsici, Rhizoctonia solani, Peronophythora litchi, and Pseudoperonospora cubensis. 	
It is a disaccharide derivative, a papulacandin and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is a disaccharide derivative, a papulacandin and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tetrathionic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a tetrathionic acid. The molecule is a tetrathionate ion. 	
It is a glycosylglycerol derivative and a lipoteichoic acid. 	It is a glycosylglycerol derivative and a lipoteichoic acid. Synthetic C. 	
It derives from a cyclopropylamine. 	It derives from a cyclopropylamine. It is an enamide, a fatty amide and a secondary carboxamide. 	
It derives from a cleistanthin B. 	It derives from a cleistanthin B. It is a member of cleistanthins and a disaccharide derivative. 	
It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. 	It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. The molecule is a member of isobacteriochlorins. 	
It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. 	It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. The molecule is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a ketone. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a member of phenols and a ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It derives from a geraniol. 	It derives from a geraniol. It has a role as an alarm pheromone and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a geraniol. It has a role as an alarm pheromone and a plant metabolite. The molecule is the formate ester of geraniol. 	
It derives from a filicinic acid. It is an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone, a benzenetriol and an aromatic ketone. 	It derives from a filicinic acid. It is an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone, a benzenetriol and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It derives from a filicinic acid. It is an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone, a benzenetriol and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. The molecule is a benzenetriol that is a derivative of filicinic acid. 	
It derives from an acetic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ketone and a dichlorobenzene. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ketone and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an ion transport inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor and a loop diuretic. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ketone and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an ion transport inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor and a loop diuretic. It is a loop diuretic used to treat high blood pressure resulting from diseases such as congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure. 	
It is a tertiary amino compound, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a dichlorobenzene. 	It is a tertiary amino compound, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an antidepressant. 	It is a tertiary amino compound, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an antidepressant. A monoamine oxidase inhibitor, it was formerly used as an antidepressant. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid and a linear tetrapyrrole. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid and a linear tetrapyrrole. The molecule is a linear tetrapyrrole obtained by the enzymic degradation of heme by Pseudomonas aeruginosa heme oxygenase. 	
It is a nitrile, an enol, an aromatic amide, an enamide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a nitrile, an enol, an aromatic amide, an enamide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a secondary carboxamide. Used for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis. 	
It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a conjugate base of a bepotastine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a bepotastine(1+). It is a member of pyridines, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of piperidines, an ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	
It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of cyclopentanols, a sulfamidate and a member of indanes. 	It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of cyclopentanols, a sulfamidate and a member of indanes. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a cytochalasin, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a lactam and a lactone. 	It is a cytochalasin, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a lactam and a lactone. It has a role as a metabolite, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a mycotoxin. 	It is a cytochalasin, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a lactam and a lactone. It has a role as a metabolite, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a mycotoxin. The molecule is an organic heterotricyclic compound, that is a mycotoxin which is cell permeable an an inhibitor of cytoplasmic division by blocking the formation of contractile microfilaments. 	
It is a steroid alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a primary amino compound and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a primary amino compound and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a primary amino compound and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a steroid alkaloid isolated from Wrightia javanica and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a sesterterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a sesterterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	
It derives from a streptamine. 	It derives from a streptamine. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 	
It contains a prinomastat(1+). 	It contains a prinomastat(1+). It has a role as a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. 	It contains a prinomastat(1+). It has a role as a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. A selective inhibitor with of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) 2, 3, 9, 13, and 14. 	It contains a prinomastat(1+). It has a role as a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. A selective inhibitor with of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) 2, 3, 9, 13, and 14. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of prinomastat and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a sophoroside. 	It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a sophoroside. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dolichyl phosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a dolichyl phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a dolichyl phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is dianion of dolichyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a diterpene alkaloid, a triol, a diether, a bridged compound, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and an organic heteropolycyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a diterpene alkaloid, a triol, a diether, a bridged compound, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and an organic heteropolycyclic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a diterpene alkaloid that is aconitane bearing hydroxy groups at the 1alpha, 8, and 14alpha positions and substituted at on the nitrogen and at positions 4 and 16beta by ethyl, methoxymethyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. 	
It derives from a hexanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexanoic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a chromopyrrolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a chromopyrrolic acid. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of chromopyrrolic acid; major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyene antibiotic and an antibiotic antifungal drug. 	It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyene antibiotic and an antibiotic antifungal drug. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cyclohexanecarboxylate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cyclohexanecarboxylate. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that consists of cyclohexane substituted by a carboxy group. 	
It derives from a coumarin. 	It derives from a coumarin. It is a member of coumarins and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an intermediate in the pentose phosphate pathway and Calvin cycle. 	
It is a sphingoid and an amino alcohol. 	It is a sphingoid and an amino alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an oligopeptide and a peptidyl amide. 	It is an oligopeptide and a peptidyl amide. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:1 and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:1 and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 32:1 in which the acyl groups specified at positions 1 and 2 are oleoyl and myristoyl respectively. 	
It is an aldehyde, a cinnamate ester, an iridoid monoterpenoid and a member of phenols. 	It is an aldehyde, a cinnamate ester, an iridoid monoterpenoid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an aldehyde, a cinnamate ester, an iridoid monoterpenoid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the leaves of Viburnum luzonicum, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It contains an irinotecan(1+). 	It contains an irinotecan(1+). It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. 	It contains an irinotecan(1+). It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by combining irinotecan with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It derives from a maleic acid. 	It derives from a maleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of dibenzofurans. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of dibenzofurans. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of dibenzofurans. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It has been isolated from Aspergillus taichungensis. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Morus nigra, it exhibits antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Morus nigra, it exhibits antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. The molecule is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2' and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 3 and 6. 	
It derives from a conduritol. 	It derives from a conduritol. It is a cyclitol, an epoxide and a tetrol. 	It derives from a conduritol. It is a cyclitol, an epoxide and a tetrol. The molecule is an epoxide resulting from the epoxidation of the double bond of a conduritol. 	
It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a benzoate ester. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a benzoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C30H34N2O5. 	
It is a cadinene and a polycyclic olefin. 	It is a cadinene and a polycyclic olefin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a cadinene and a polycyclic olefin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the essential oils of several plant species. 	
It has a role as a SMO receptor agonist. 	It has a role as a SMO receptor agonist. Activates the Hedgehog signaling pathway in a Patched independent manner. 	It has a role as a SMO receptor agonist. Activates the Hedgehog signaling pathway in a Patched independent manner. A smoothened (Smo) receptor agonist that antagonizes cyclopamine action at the Smo receptor. 	
It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 	It derives from a hydride of a hexane. It is a primary alcohol and an alkanethiol. 	It derives from a hydride of a hexane. It is a primary alcohol and an alkanethiol. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a hexane. It is a primary alcohol and an alkanethiol. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. The molecule is an alkanethiol that is hexane substituted at positions 1 and 3 by hydroxy and sulfanyl groups respectively. 	
It is an acetate ester and an olefinic compound. 	It is an acetate ester and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a carcinogenic agent. 	It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a carcinogenic agent. The molecule is a mononitrotoluene that is toluene carrying a nitro substituent at position 2. 	
It derives from a nonanoic acid. 	It derives from a nonanoic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It has a role as a coral metabolite. 	It has a role as a coral metabolite. It is isolated from the Hainan soft coral Dendronephthya studeri. 	
It has a role as a parasympatholytic, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a parasympatholytic, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is one of the major osmolyte in the renal medullary cells. 	
It contains a methyl green(2+). 	It contains a methyl green(2+). It is an organic chloride salt, an iminium salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. 	It contains a methyl green(2+). It is an organic chloride salt, an iminium salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 	
It derives from a laurinterol. 	It derives from a laurinterol. It is a member of phenols and a sesquiterpenoid. 	It derives from a laurinterol. It is a member of phenols and a sesquiterpenoid. Isolated from Laurencia intermedia and Aplysia kurodai, it exhibits antimicrobial activity. 	It derives from a laurinterol. It is a member of phenols and a sesquiterpenoid. Isolated from Laurencia intermedia and Aplysia kurodai, it exhibits antimicrobial activity. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid that is laurinterol in which the bromo group has been replaced by a hydrogen. 	
It derives from an oleic acid. 	It derives from an oleic acid. It contains a palmityl group. 	
It is an azaspiro compound and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent. 	It is an azaspiro compound and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent. A synthetic Nitraria alkaloid. 	
It is a polyphenol and a member of pyranoxanthones. 	It is a polyphenol and a member of pyranoxanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. 	It is a polyphenol and a member of pyranoxanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiviral agent. It is isolated from the roots of Calophyllum blancoi and exhibits antiviral activity against coronavirus. 	
It is an androstane, a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. 	It is an androstane, a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. 	
It is a manganese coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. 	It is a manganese coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. It has a role as a nutraceutical. 	It is a manganese coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. It has a role as a nutraceutical. The molecule is an inorganic chloride in which manganese(II) is coordinated to two chloride ions. 	
It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor. 	It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor. The molecule is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by a methyl group. 	
It has a role as an epitope and a phosphoantigen. 	It has a role as an epitope and a phosphoantigen. The molecule is a monoalkyl phosphate epitope having ethyl as the alkyl group. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary alcohol. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is lactic acid in which the carboxylic acid group has been converted to the corresponding carboxamide. 	
It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. 	It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. It acts as a proteasome inhibitor and is obtained from Apiospora montagnei Sacc. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a triterpenoid saponin, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a triterpenoid saponin, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a triterpenoid saponin, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin isolated from Polygala senega var latifolia and has been shown to exhibit hypoglycemic activity. 	
It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 	It derives from a palmitoleic acid. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester obtained from the formal condensation of methanol and palmitoleic acid. 	
It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an acetate ester, a benzoate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid and a pyridine alkaloid. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an acetate ester, a benzoate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid and a pyridine alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a phytogenic insecticide. 	It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an acetate ester, a benzoate ester, a macrocyclic lactone, a dihydroagarofuran sesquiterpenoid and a pyridine alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a phytogenic insecticide. The molecule is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and pyridine alkaloid with formula C43H49NO18 originally isolated from the roots of Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate zwitterion. It derives from a psychosine. 	It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate zwitterion. It derives from a psychosine. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of a psychosine sulfate zwitterion. It derives from a psychosine. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a sulfoglycosphingolipid. 	
It is a member of quinolines and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of quinolines and an aromatic ether. The molecule is an aromatic ether that is quinoline substituted at position 6 by a methoxy group. 	
It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a pyridone, a primary amino compound and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 	It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a pyridone, a primary amino compound and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a sesquiterpene alkaloid, a pyridone, a primary amino compound and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a sesquiterpene alkaloid isolated from a club moss Huperzia serrata that has been shown to exhibit neuroprotective activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a propylglucosinolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a propylglucosinolic acid. The molecule is an alkylglucosinolate that is the conjugate base of propylglucosinolic acid. 	
It derives from an odoratol. 	It derives from an odoratol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Schizolaena hystrix, it exhibits cytotoxicity against ovarian cancer cell line. 	
It derives from a butyrate. 	It derives from a butyrate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a progesterone. 	It derives from a progesterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a progesterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a mineralocorticoid that is progesterone substituted at position 21 by a hydroxy group. 	
It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a member of pyrrolidines and an alkaloid. 	It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a member of pyrrolidines and an alkaloid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavan, a polyphenol, a methoxyflavan and a ring assembly. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavan, a polyphenol, a methoxyflavan and a ring assembly. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavan, a polyphenol, a methoxyflavan and a ring assembly. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Muntingia calabura, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a tautomer of an acetimidic acid. 	It is a tautomer of an acetimidic acid. The molecule is a member of the class of acetamides that results from the formal condensation of acetic acid with ammonia. 	
It derives from a valerate. 	It derives from a valerate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It derives from a biotin sulfoxide. 	It derives from a biotin sulfoxide. It is a member of biotins and a sulfone. 	It derives from a biotin sulfoxide. It is a member of biotins and a sulfone. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a biotin sulfoxide. It is a member of biotins and a sulfone. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of biotins that is biotin sulfoxide with a sulfone group replacing the sulfoxide. 	
It has a role as a cholecystokinin antagonist, a gastrointestinal drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 	It has a role as a cholecystokinin antagonist, a gastrointestinal drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. A cholecystokinin antagonist used for treatment of gastrointestinal disorders. 	
It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a member of resorcinols and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a member of resorcinols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and a nerve growth factor stimulator. 	It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a member of resorcinols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a metabolite and a nerve growth factor stimulator. The molecule is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones isolated from the aerial parts of Verbena litoralis and exhibits stimulating the effect of nerve growth factor (NGF). 	
It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 	It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. 	It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. The molecule is a tertiary amine, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an ethylene glycol and a methacrylic acid. 	It derives from an ethylene glycol and a methacrylic acid. It has a role as a polymerisation monomer and an allergen. 	It derives from an ethylene glycol and a methacrylic acid. It has a role as a polymerisation monomer and an allergen. The molecule is an enoate ester that is the monomethacryloyl derivative of ethylene glycol. 	
It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an organobromine compound, a diterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an organobromine compound, a diterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, an organobromine compound, a diterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. A diterpenoid isolated from the Fijian red alga Callophycus serratus, it exhibits antibacterial, antimalarial and anticancer activities. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a methoctramine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a methoctramine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a methoctramine. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the four amino groups of methoctramine. 	
It derives from a tetracenomycin C. 	It derives from a tetracenomycin C. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a lignan, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a furofuran and a polyether. 	It is a lignan, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a furofuran and a polyether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a limonoid, an acetate ester, an epoxide, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ester and an enoate ester. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a limonoid, an acetate ester, an epoxide, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ester and an enoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It is a limonoid, an acetate ester, an epoxide, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ester and an enoate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a limonoid found in Azadirachta indica. 	
It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxytryptophan that is tryptophan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2 on the indole ring. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin E2. 	It derives from a prostaglandin E2. It is a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol, a prostanoid and a diol. 	It derives from a prostaglandin E2. It is a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol, a prostanoid and a diol. It has a role as a rat metabolite, a bronchoconstrictor agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a nuatigenin and an avenacoside A. It is a trisaccharide derivative, a steroid saponin, a spiroketal and a hexacyclic triterpenoid. 	It derives from a nuatigenin and an avenacoside A. It is a trisaccharide derivative, a steroid saponin, a spiroketal and a hexacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which all three methyl hydrogens are substituted by chlorine. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an osimertinib. 	It is a conjugate acid of an osimertinib. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of an osimertinib. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of osimertinib. 	
It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimycobacterial drug and an antimalarial. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimycobacterial drug and an antimalarial. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from the cell extract of the entomopathogenic fungus Hirsutella kobayasii BCC 1660 and exhibits antimycobacterial and antimalarial activities. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a valine derivative with one of the amine hydrogens replaced by an acetyl group and the carboxylic acid hydrogen replaced by a methyl group. 	
It contains a sildenafil. 	It contains a sildenafil. The molecule is the citrate salt of sildenafil. 	
It derives from a cytosine. 	It derives from a cytosine. It is an organofluorine compound, a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine, a nucleoside analogue and a pyrimidine antifungal drug. 	It derives from a cytosine. It is an organofluorine compound, a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine, a nucleoside analogue and a pyrimidine antifungal drug. It has a role as a prodrug. 	It derives from a cytosine. It is an organofluorine compound, a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine, a nucleoside analogue and a pyrimidine antifungal drug. It has a role as a prodrug. The molecule is an organofluorine compound that is cytosine that is substituted at position 5 by a fluorine. 	
It is a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. 	It is a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It is a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative, a member of oxolanes and a tirucallane triterpenoid. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin isolated from Sapindus mukorossi and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against platelet aggregation. 	
It contains a retaspimycin(1+). 	It contains a retaspimycin(1+). It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains a retaspimycin(1+). It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of retaspimycin. 	
It is a conjugate base of a TTP. 	It is a conjugate base of a TTP. The molecule is the organophosphate oxoanion that is the tetraanion of TTP arising from deprotonation of the three triphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It contains a lomefloxacin. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. It is also used topically as eye drops for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and as ear drops for the treatment of otitis externa and otitis media. It is administered by mouth to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. 	It contains a lomefloxacin. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. It is also used topically as eye drops for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and as ear drops for the treatment of otitis externa and otitis media. It is administered by mouth to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of lomefloxacin. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Elephantopus mollis, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a flavonolignan isolated from Silybum marianum. 	
It is a disaccharide derivative and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a disaccharide derivative and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a sweetening agent. 	
It is a member of pyrroles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a substituted aniline and an indole alkaloid. 	It is a member of pyrroles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a substituted aniline and an indole alkaloid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a benzoate ester, a diol, a disaccharide derivative, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a benzoate ester, a diol, a disaccharide derivative, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. It is a benzoate ester, a diol, a disaccharide derivative, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triterpenoid saponin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Glochidion eriocarpum, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human cancer cell lines. 	
It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is one of the main metabolites of cannabidiol by human liver microsomes, produced particularly by CYP2C19. 	
It derives from a genistein. 	It derives from a genistein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a genistein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. 	It derives from a genistein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavone that is genistein substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 2'. 	
It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines and a nitroso compound. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines and a nitroso compound. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a margarate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a margarate. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a margarate. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. The molecule is a C17 saturated fatty acid and trace component of fats in ruminants. 	
It derives from a palmitoleic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a palmitoleic acid and an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is an amino disaccharide and a methyl glycoside. 	It is an amino disaccharide and a methyl glycoside. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate base of a Pontamine sky blue 5B (acid form). 	It is a conjugate base of a Pontamine sky blue 5B (acid form). The molecule is an organosulfonate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the sulfonic acid groups of Pontamine sky blue 5B (acid form). 	
It is a nitrone and a member of pyrazines. 	It is a nitrone and a member of pyrazines. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. 	
It derives from a hydride of an acenaphthene. 	It derives from a hydride of an acenaphthene. It has a role as an epitope and a chain carrier. 	
It is a primary alcohol and a member of oxolanes. 	It is a primary alcohol and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a protic solvent. 	
It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 	It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. It has a role as a histological dye. 	
It is a conjugate base of a laccaic acid D. 	It is a conjugate base of a laccaic acid D. Major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a laccaic acid D. Major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is the conjugate base of laccaic acid D, obtained from the deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. 	It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. The molecule is a fatty acid ester that is the butyl ester of stearic acid. 	
It is a primary aliphatic amine and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. 	It is a primary aliphatic amine and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 	It is a primary aliphatic amine and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. A fumigant fungicide with a high potential for bioaccumulation, it is not approved for fungicidal use in the European Union. 	It is a primary aliphatic amine and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. A fumigant fungicide with a high potential for bioaccumulation, it is not approved for fungicidal use in the European Union. The molecule is a primary aliphatic amine that is butane in which one hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cinnamic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a cinnamic acid. It is a member of cinnamates and a phenylpropanoid. 	It is a conjugate base of a cinnamic acid. It is a member of cinnamates and a phenylpropanoid. The molecule is a member of the class of cinnamates that results from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of cinnamic acid. 	
It derives from a malic acid. 	It derives from a malic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is a methyl glycoside and an amino disaccharide. 	It is a methyl glycoside and an amino disaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a member of the class of chalcones isolated from the trunk barks of Cryptocarya obovata and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxicity against the KB cell line. 	
It is a carotenoic acid, a diterpenoid and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. 	It is a carotenoic acid, a diterpenoid and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid and a palmitoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid and a palmitoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aklanonate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aklanonate. It is a polyphenol, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. 	
It is a tertiary alcohol, an epoxide, a cyclic ketone, an enol, a polyene antibiotic, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a tertiary alcohol, an epoxide, a cyclic ketone, an enol, a polyene antibiotic, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It also shows weak antibacterial activity against strains like Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols, an organochlorine compound and a member of pyrans. 	It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols, an organochlorine compound and a member of pyrans. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiprotozoal drug. 	It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols, an organochlorine compound and a member of pyrans. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiprotozoal drug. It is isolated from the marine derived fungus Chaetomium and has antiprotozoal activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). It derives from a narbonolide. 	It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). It derives from a narbonolide. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. 	It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). It derives from a narbonolide. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a pikromycin(1+). It derives from a narbonolide. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 	It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a docosatetraenoic acid in which the four double bonds are located at positions 7, 10, 13 and 16 (geometry unspecified). 	
It is an amino hexasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino hexasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. 	It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. It has been isolated from Daphnia pulex and has been found to induce morphological changes in the phytoplankton, Scenedesmus gutwinskii. 	
It derives from a pelargonidin. 	It derives from a pelargonidin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It contains a copper(2+). It is an inorganic chloride and a copper molecular entity. 	It contains a copper(2+). It is an inorganic chloride and a copper molecular entity. The molecule is an inorganic chloride of copper in which the metal is in the +2 oxidation state. 	
It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a diterpene and a macrocycle. 	It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a diterpene and a macrocycle. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a monocyclic hydrocarbon, a diterpene and a macrocycle. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a constituent of the essential oils from Pinus koraiensis and Pinus sibirica. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a phosphatidylcholine 26:0 and a decanoate ester. 	It is a phosphatidylcholine 26:0 and a decanoate ester. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 26:0 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are palmitoyl and decanoyl respectively. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oscr#27. 	It is a conjugate base of an oscr#27. The molecule is a hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside anion that is the conjugate base of oscr#27, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from a valeric acid. 	It derives from a valeric acid. Found at significantly higher levels than normal in patients with maple syrup urine disease (MSUD). 	
It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. 	It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid isolated from the root of Zanthoxylum simulans, Chelidonium majus L., and other Papaveraceae. 	
It derives from a benzoate. 	It derives from a benzoate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is an amino heptasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino heptasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a hypoglycemic agent. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a catharanthine. 	It is a conjugate acid of a catharanthine. The molecule is an ammonium ion resulting from thr protonation of the tertiary amino group of catharanthine. 	
It is an amino heptasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino heptasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. The carbohydrate moiety of ganglioside GT1c. 	
It is a conjugate base of a shikimic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a shikimic acid. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a shikimic acid. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a shikimic acid. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a cyclohexenecarboxylate that is the conjugate base of shikimic acid. 	
It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 	It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a reagent and a genotoxin. 	It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a reagent and a genotoxin. It is used as a reagent for the detection of oxidation products such as aldehydes and ketones in fats and oils. 	It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It has a role as a reagent and a genotoxin. It is used as a reagent for the detection of oxidation products such as aldehydes and ketones in fats and oils. The molecule is a substituted aniline that is aniline in which the hydrogen para to the amino group has been replaced by a methoxy group. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Fortunella japonica and Fortunella margarita. 	
It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. It has a role as a cathepsin B inhibitor, an antiviral agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a P450 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. It has a role as a cathepsin B inhibitor, an antiviral agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a P450 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. A natural product found particularly in Ginkgo biloba and Hypericum perforatum. 	
It is a germacrane sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and an eremophilane sesquiterpenoid. 	It is a germacrane sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and an eremophilane sesquiterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from an arachidonic acid. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 	It derives from an arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of arachidonic acid with methanol. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a pyruvate oxime. 	It is a conjugate acid of a pyruvate oxime. The molecule is an oxime obtained via formal condensation of pyruvic acid with hydroxylamine. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glycolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a glycolic acid. It derives from an acetate. 	It is a conjugate base of a glycolic acid. It derives from an acetate. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a glycolic acid. It derives from an acetate. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is acetate where the methyl group has been hydroxylated. 	
It contains an acetate. 	It contains an acetate. It has a role as a chelator. 	It contains an acetate. It has a role as a chelator. It is used, commonly as a hydrate, to treat hyperphosphataemia (excess phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease: the calcium ion combines with dietary phosphate to form (insoluble) calcium phosphate, which is excreted in the faeces. 	It contains an acetate. It has a role as a chelator. It is used, commonly as a hydrate, to treat hyperphosphataemia (excess phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease: the calcium ion combines with dietary phosphate to form (insoluble) calcium phosphate, which is excreted in the faeces. The molecule is the calcium salt of acetic acid. 	
It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 	It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a sesquarterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a sesquarterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. John's Wort, Hypericum perforatum. 	It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a sesquarterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. John's Wort, Hypericum perforatum. The molecule is a cyclic terpene ketone that is a prenylated carbobicyclic acylphloroglucinol derivative produced by St. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an oleate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an oleate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite, a solvent, an antioxidant and a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from a futalosine. 	It derives from a futalosine. It is an oxaspiro compound and a member of benzoic acids. 	It derives from a futalosine. It is an oxaspiro compound and a member of benzoic acids. The molecule is a oxaspiro compound obtained by formal spirocyclisation of dehypoxanthinylfutalosine. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. 	
It is a member of chalcones, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of resorcinols. 	It is a member of chalcones, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of resorcinols. Isolated from the buds of Cleistocalyx operculatus, it has been shown to exhibit inhibitory effects on the viral neuraminidases from two influenza viral strains, H1N1 and H9N2. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a perillyl alcohol in which the chiral centre has R configuration. 	
It derives from a phosphonic acid. 	It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a furofuran, a carbamate ester and a sulfonamide. 	
It is a member of aminoacridines and an acridinium ion. 	It is a member of aminoacridines and an acridinium ion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a member of resorcinols and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a member of resorcinols and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antimalarial. 	
It has a role as a mycotoxin, a human urinary metabolite and a protein synthesis inhibitor. 	It has a role as a mycotoxin, a human urinary metabolite and a protein synthesis inhibitor. A mycotoxin produced by various plant pathogenic fungi. 	
It contains a tetramethylammonium. 	It contains a tetramethylammonium. It is a bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. 	It contains a tetramethylammonium. It is a bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. The molecule is the bromide salt of tetramethylammonium. 	
It is a hopanoid, an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triol. 	It is a hopanoid, an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a hopanoid, an acetate ester, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a triol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Hypocrella species. 	
It derives from an aniline and a glycerol. 	It derives from an aniline and a glycerol. It is a glycol and a secondary amine. 	It derives from an aniline and a glycerol. It is a glycol and a secondary amine. The molecule is a glycol that is a derivative of glycerol in which one of the hydroxy groups is replaced by an anilino group. 	
It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tyrosinyl radical cation. 	It is a conjugate base of a tyrosinyl radical cation. It derives from a tyrosine. 	
It is a member of benzofurans and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of benzofurans and a member of phenols. It is a lignan derivative isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea. 	
It derives from a calciol. 	It derives from a calciol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a propionic acid. 	It derives from a propionic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organosulfinic acid. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organosulfinic acid. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a sulfino group. 	
It has a role as a prosthetic group, a coenzyme, a nutraceutical and a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a prosthetic group, a coenzyme, a nutraceutical and a human metabolite. The molecule is a tetrahydropterin, a member of biopterins and a diol. 	
It is a conjugate base of an iodous acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an iodous acid. It is an iodine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of an iodous acid. It is an iodine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of iodous acid. 	
It is an epoxide and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an epoxide and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a tetracyclic spiroepoxide which acts as an antifungal and protein synthesis inhibitor. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. 	It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. The molecule is a pyrrolizine alkaloid that is produced by several Jacobaea and Senecio species. 	
It is a monocarboxylic acid and a sulfonamide. 	It is a monocarboxylic acid and a sulfonamide. It has a role as a hapten. 	
It derives from a butyric acid. 	It derives from a butyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an epiandrosterone sulfate. 	It is a conjugate base of an epiandrosterone sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of an epiandrosterone sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. The molecule is a steroid sulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of epiandrosterone sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 	It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. 	It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. The molecule is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is nonaprenyl. 	
It is a conjugate base of a cochalic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a cochalic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a cochalic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of cochalic acid. 	
It is an anthracenone and a member of phenols. 	It is an anthracenone and a member of phenols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is an anthracenone and a member of phenols. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an intermediate precursor in the synthesis of hypericin. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a formate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a formate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. 	It is a conjugate acid of a formate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. 	It is a conjugate acid of a formate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. Principally used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed. 	It is a conjugate acid of a formate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. Principally used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed. Occurs naturally in various sources including the venom of bee and ant stings, and is a useful organic synthetic reagent. 	It is a conjugate acid of a formate. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. Principally used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed. Occurs naturally in various sources including the venom of bee and ant stings, and is a useful organic synthetic reagent. The molecule is the simplest carboxylic acid, containing a single carbon. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a cholinergic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a cholinergic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. Isolated from Antrodia cinnamomea and Antrodia camphorata, it exhibits cytotoxic, anticholinergic and antiserotonergic activities. 	
It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B1. 	It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B1. It is a gallate ester, a proanthocyanidin, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. 	It derives from a gallic acid and a procyanidin B1. It is a gallate ester, a proanthocyanidin, a polyphenol and a biflavonoid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and a sulfonamide. 	It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and a sulfonamide. It has a role as a diuretic, an antihypertensive agent and an ion transport inhibitor. 	It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and a sulfonamide. It has a role as a diuretic, an antihypertensive agent and an ion transport inhibitor. A quinazoline diuretic, with properties similar to thiazide diuretics. 	
It is a tautomer of an ectoine zwitterion. 	It is a tautomer of an ectoine zwitterion. It is a conjugate acid of an ectoinate. 	It is a tautomer of an ectoine zwitterion. It is a conjugate acid of an ectoinate. It has a role as an osmolyte. 	
It contains a cetrorelix. It is an oligopeptide and an acetate salt. 	It contains a cetrorelix. It is an oligopeptide and an acetate salt. It has a role as a GnRH antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. 	It contains a cetrorelix. It is an oligopeptide and an acetate salt. It has a role as a GnRH antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is the acetic acid salt of cetrorelix. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. 	
It contains an acebutolol(1+). 	It contains an acebutolol(1+). The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of acebutolol, prepared using equimolar amounts of acebutolol and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphate. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoric acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphate. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoric acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a phosphate ion. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphate. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoric acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a phosphate ion. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion that consists of phosphoric acid in which one of the three OH groups has been deprotonated. 	
It is a secondary amine, a member of indanes and a terminal acetylenic compound. 	It is a secondary amine, a member of indanes and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a hemisuccinate. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a hemisuccinate. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is succinic acid in which one of the carboxy groups has been converted to its methyl ester. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a conjugate acid of a helvolate. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It is a conjugate acid of a helvolate. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an antibacterial agent and a fungal metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a sotalol(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a sotalol(1+). It is a member of ethanolamines, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a sulfonamide. 	It is a conjugate base of a sotalol(1+). It is a member of ethanolamines, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a sulfonamide. It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. 	
It is an oligosaccharide phosphate and a trisaccharide derivative. 	It is an oligosaccharide phosphate and a trisaccharide derivative. coli, Salmonella and Shigella. 	It is an oligosaccharide phosphate and a trisaccharide derivative. coli, Salmonella and Shigella. The sequence is present in enterobacterial lipopolysaccharide from all E. 	
It derives from an isonicotinate. 	It derives from an isonicotinate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It derives from a ferulic acid. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	It derives from a ferulic acid. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of cinnamic acids that is ferulic acid in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran, a ketone hydrate, a tetrol and a cyclic ketal. 	It is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran, a ketone hydrate, a tetrol and a cyclic ketal. It has a role as an autoinducer. 	It is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran, a ketone hydrate, a tetrol and a cyclic ketal. It has a role as an autoinducer. The molecule is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 2, 3, 4, and 4 and which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2 (the 2R,4S diastereoisomer). 	
It contains a copper(II) sulfate. 	It contains a copper(II) sulfate. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. 	It contains a copper(II) sulfate. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. The molecule is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of copper(2+) sulfate. 	
It is a steroid alkaloid, a secondary alcohol, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, a secondary alcohol, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an antileishmanial agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a steroid alkaloid, a secondary alcohol, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an antileishmanial agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Sarcococca hookeriana, it exhibits antileishmanial and antibacterial activities. 	
It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an antihypertensive agent. 	It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an antihypertensive agent. The molecule is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a prostaglandins Falpha and a ketone. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. 	It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. It is a diterpene and a carbotricyclic compound. 	
It is a mycolic acid and a hydroxy fatty acid. 	It is a mycolic acid and a hydroxy fatty acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a mycolic acid and a hydroxy fatty acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Ra. 	
It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. 	It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an aryl sulfide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a polyphenol and a bridged diphenyl antifungal drug. 	It is an aryl sulfide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a polyphenol and a bridged diphenyl antifungal drug. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an acetate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an acetate. It has a role as a protic solvent, a food acidity regulator, an antimicrobial food preservative and a Daphnia magna metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of an acetate. It has a role as a protic solvent, a food acidity regulator, an antimicrobial food preservative and a Daphnia magna metabolite. The molecule is a simple monocarboxylic acid containing two carbons. 	
It is a conjugate base of an isolithocholic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an isolithocholic acid. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of an isolithocholic acid. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an isolithocholic acid. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. The molecule is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of isolithocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It derives from a celebixanthone. 	It derives from a celebixanthone. It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. 	It derives from a celebixanthone. It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It derives from a celebixanthone. It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. A methyl ether derivative of celebixanthone, it is isolated from the roots of Cratoxylum cochinchinense and exhibits antimalarial activities. 	
It is a ketone and a member of benzenes. 	It is a ketone and a member of benzenes. The molecule is a ketone that is hexylbenzene carrying an oxo group at position 2. 	
It derives from a diclofenac. 	It derives from a diclofenac. It is a dichlorobenzene, a secondary amino compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 	It derives from a diclofenac. It is a dichlorobenzene, a secondary amino compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. 	It derives from a diclofenac. It is a dichlorobenzene, a secondary amino compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. The molecule is an organochlorine compound that is a metabolite of diclofenac having hydroxy and methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively.. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a protein kinase inhibitor and an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. 	
It derives from a tetracenomycin C. 	It derives from a tetracenomycin C. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the marine sponge Melophlus sarasinorum and other species of genus Melophlus, it exhibits cytotoxicity against murine leukemia cell line. 	
It derives from a hexamethylenetetramine. 	It derives from a hexamethylenetetramine. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antibacterial agent, a hapten and an allergen. Also acts as a disinfectant and allergenic agent. The molecule is a quaternary ammonium salt derived from hexamethylenetetramine; used as a preservative in many cosmetics and industrial substances. 	
It is a nitrile, a member of phenothiazines and a hydroxypiperidine. 	It is a nitrile, a member of phenothiazines and a hydroxypiperidine. It has a role as a sedative, an adrenergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. 	It is a nitrile, a member of phenothiazines and a hydroxypiperidine. It has a role as a sedative, an adrenergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. Periciazine is a first generation antipsychotic. 	
It derives from a hydratropic acid. 	It derives from a hydratropic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a ketoxime. 	
It derives from a dUMP. 	It derives from a dUMP. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 	
It derives from a bensulfuron. 	It derives from a bensulfuron. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. 	It derives from a bensulfuron. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is not licensed for use within the UK. 	It derives from a bensulfuron. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is not licensed for use within the UK. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide for the control of a variety of both annual and perennial weeds in crops, particularly wheat and rice. 	It derives from a bensulfuron. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is not licensed for use within the UK. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide for the control of a variety of both annual and perennial weeds in crops, particularly wheat and rice. The molecule is the methyl ester of bensulfuron. 	
It is an ammonium salt and a bromide salt. 	It is an ammonium salt and a bromide salt. The molecule is an ammonium salt composed of ammonium and bromide ions in a 1:1 ratio. 	
It derives from an erucic acid. 	It derives from an erucic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a carboxylic ester, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 	It is a carboxylic ester, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an epoxy fatty acid consisting of octadecanoic (stearic) acid with a single epoxide located between positions 9 and 10. 	
It derives from an aklanonic acid. 	It derives from an aklanonic acid. It is a polyphenol, a methyl ester and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. 	It derives from an aklanonic acid. It is a polyphenol, a methyl ester and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. The molecule is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of aklanonic acid with methanol. 	
It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. no.2663. 	It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. no.2663. It is isolated from Pseudomonas sp. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an icosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an icosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	
It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a chromenol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is isolated from the stems of Erythrina abyssinica and displays moderate cytotoxic effect against human colorectal cancer cell line. 	
It derives from a docosanoic acid. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a phosphatidylcholine 36:0 and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a phosphatidylcholine 36:0 and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is a phosphatidylcholine 36:0 in which the acyl groups specified at positions 1 and 2 are docosanoyl and tetradecanoyl respectively. 	
It is a quinolone, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is a quinolone, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a CFTR potentiator and an orphan drug. 	It is a quinolone, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a CFTR potentiator and an orphan drug. Used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. 	
It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a mycolic acid. 	It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a mycolic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a mycolic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is produced by Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Ra. 	
It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an amino cyclitol glycoside, a primary amino compound, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an amino cyclitol glycoside, a primary amino compound, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a metabolite. 	It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an amino cyclitol glycoside, a primary amino compound, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a metabolite. The major component of fortimicin, obtained from Micromonospora olivasterospora. 	
It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a lupane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. 	
It derives from a myricetin. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a xylose derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a pentahydroxyflavone. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a xylose derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a pentahydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a xylose derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a pentahydroxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. it has been isolated from Mimosa diplotricha. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. 	It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. It contains a campholenic cyclohexenyl group. 	It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. It contains a campholenic cyclohexenyl group. It has a role as a fragrance. 	It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. It contains a campholenic cyclohexenyl group. It has a role as a fragrance. The molecule is a primary alcohol and a cyclohexenylalkanol. 	
It derives from an isobutyric acid. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	It derives from an isobutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. The molecule is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride of isobutyric acid. 	
It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a sesquiterpenoid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 	It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a sesquiterpenoid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. Isolated from Strongylophora hartmani, it exhibits activity against the influenza virus. 	
It has a role as a drug metabolite and an antitubercular agent. The active metabolite of the antitubercular drug pyrazinamide. 	It has a role as a drug metabolite and an antitubercular agent. The active metabolite of the antitubercular drug pyrazinamide. The molecule is the parent compound of the class of pyrazinecarboxylic acids, that is pyrazine bearing a single carboxy substituent. 	
It is a pyranoxanthene, a polyphenol and a cyclic ketone. 	It is a pyranoxanthene, a polyphenol and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a pyranoxanthene, a polyphenol and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the aerial parts of Hypericum scabrum, it exhibits cytotoxicity for human tumour cells. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a ribostamycin. 	It is a conjugate acid of a ribostamycin. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a ribostamycin. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the four amino groups of ribostamycin; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a STAT3 inhibitor and a radiosensitizing agent. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a STAT3 inhibitor and a radiosensitizing agent. Used as a radiosensitising agent for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. 	
It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a volatile compound produced by a cyanobacteria. 	It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a volatile compound produced by a cyanobacteria. The molecule is a monoterpenoid formally derived from citral by cyclisation. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a radical scavenger. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a radical scavenger. Isolated from the stem wood of Erythrina latissima, it exhibits antimicrobial and radical scavenging activities. 	
It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. 	
It is an oxodocosahexaenoic acid and an enone. 	It is an oxodocosahexaenoic acid and an enone. An intermediate of specialised proresolving mediators. 	
It is a carbobicyclic compound, a cyclic ketone and an enone. 	It is a carbobicyclic compound, a cyclic ketone and an enone. The molecule is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.1]heptane which is substituted by an oxo group at position 2 and by methyl groups at positions 4, 6 and 6, and which contains a double bond between positions 3 and 4. 	
It is a member of quinolines, a pyrazolopyrimidine and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of quinolines, a pyrazolopyrimidine and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor, a bone morphogenetic protein receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide, a carbohydrate acid derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino trisaccharide, a carbohydrate acid derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is an amino trisaccharide, a carbohydrate acid derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. An intermediate glycan involved in the degradation of heparan sulfate. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester and a tetradecanoate ester. The molecule is a lipid A where the free primary hydroxy group of lipid A has a branched decasaccharide attached. 	
It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of benzamides, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a member of styrenes. 	It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of benzamides, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a member of styrenes. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. 	It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of benzamides, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a member of styrenes. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. It also shows free radical scavenging activity. 	
It derives from a tiglic acid and a trichagmalin E. 	It derives from a tiglic acid and a trichagmalin E. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a tiglic acid and a trichagmalin E. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from Trichilia connaroides. 	
It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a prodrug. 	It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a prodrug. The molecule is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline that is camptothecin in which the hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a nitro group. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a tetrol and a tertiary amino compound. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a tetrol and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a xenobiotic. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a tetrol and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a xenobiotic. The molecule is a diterpene alkaloid with formula C24H39NO8, originally isolated from Aconitum carmichaeli. 	
It derives from an ascr#10. 	It derives from an ascr#10. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It derives from an ascr#10. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a 12 amino acid peptide fragment of neurotensin. 	
It is a conjugate base of a nitrous acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitrous acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitrous acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitrous acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is the nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from nitrous acid. 	
It is a hexacyclic triterpenoid, a terpene lactone, a tertiary alcohol and an enone. 	It is a hexacyclic triterpenoid, a terpene lactone, a tertiary alcohol and an enone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a hexacyclic triterpenoid, a terpene lactone, a tertiary alcohol and an enone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a hexacyclic triterpenoid isolated from the leaves and stems of Kadsura longipedunculata and has been found to exhibit cytotoxicity aganist human tumour cells. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an octadecanoic acid. The molecule is a diacylglycerol 34:0 in which the acyl groups specified at positions 1 and 2 are hexadecanoyl and octadecanoyl respectively. 	
It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. 	It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. Isolated from the plant endophytic fungus Pestalotiopsis foedan. 	
It is a member of naphthols, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. 	It is a member of naphthols, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It has a role as a dye. 	It is a member of naphthols, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It has a role as a dye. The molecule is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of trypan blue dye. 	
It is a conjugate base of a bromous acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a bromous acid. It is a bromine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a bromous acid. It is a bromine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. The molecule is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of bromous acid. 	
It is a carbamate ester and an aromatic ether. 	It is a carbamate ester and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide and an agrochemical. 	
It derives from a ganglioside GM1. 	It derives from a ganglioside GM1. It is a sialotetraosylceramide and a lactone. 	
It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is isolated particularly from Juglans regia and Foeniculum vulgare. 	
It contains a trospium. 	It contains a trospium. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. 	It contains a trospium. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. 	It contains a trospium. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an antispasmodic drug used for the treatment of overactive bladder. 	It contains a trospium. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an antispasmodic drug used for the treatment of overactive bladder. The molecule is an organic chloride salt of trospium. 	
It is an enol, an enone, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 	It is an enol, an enone, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It is isolated from the fermentation extracts of Sporormiella australis and exhibits antifungal activity by interfering with the fungal lipid metabolism. 	
It is an aminotoluene and a member of hydroxylamines. 	It is an aminotoluene and a member of hydroxylamines. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It is a secondary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a secondary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. The molecule is a secondary alcohol that is isopropanol in which one hydrogen of each methyl group is substituted by a chlorine. 	
It derives from an ursane. 	It derives from an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an ursane. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C30H46O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. 	
It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of benzamides. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an environmental contaminant and a poison. 	It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of benzamides. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an environmental contaminant and a poison. The disodium salt is the histological dye 'Sirius red 4B'. 	
It derives from a hederagenin. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrasaccharide derivative. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrasaccharide derivative. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a molluscicide and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrasaccharide derivative. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a molluscicide and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Serjania salzmanniana, it exhibits antifungal and molluscicidal activities. 	It derives from a hederagenin. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrasaccharide derivative. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a molluscicide and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Serjania salzmanniana, it exhibits antifungal and molluscicidal activities. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin that is the tetrasaccharide derivative of hederagenin. 	
It derives from an acetic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. It has a role as a herbicide. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. It has a role as a herbicide. It is also used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives and matches. 	It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. It has a role as a herbicide. It is also used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives and matches. An oxidising agent, it is used for bleaching paper and as a herbicide. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pipecolic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a pipecolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a pipecolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a piperidinecarboxylate that is the conjugate base of pipecolic acid. 	
It derives from a zeaxanthin. 	It derives from a zeaxanthin. It is one of the most polar carotenoids found in nature (solubility in water is 800 ppm, compared with only 12.6 ppm for zeaxanthin itself). 	
It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a vasodilator agent, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and a muscle relaxant. 	It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a vasodilator agent, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and a muscle relaxant. It is also an ingredient in preparations that have been promoted for coughs. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. Sapitinib is a dual tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) of epithelial growth factor receptors (EGFR) HER2 and HER3. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino heptasaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino heptasaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It contains a midodrine(1+). 	It contains a midodrine(1+). The main active moiety is its major metabolite, deglymidodrine. 	It contains a midodrine(1+). The main active moiety is its major metabolite, deglymidodrine. The hydrochloride salt is used as a peripheral vasoconstrictor in the treatment of certain hypotensive states. 	It contains a midodrine(1+). The main active moiety is its major metabolite, deglymidodrine. The hydrochloride salt is used as a peripheral vasoconstrictor in the treatment of certain hypotensive states. The molecule is a hydrochloride resulting from the combination of equimolar amounts of midodrine and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 	It is an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. 	
It is a thiouridine and a glycine derivative. 	It is a thiouridine and a glycine derivative. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 	
It derives from a nicotinic acid. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a nicotinic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a pyridinium ion consisting of nicotinic acid having a methyl substituent on the pyridine nitrogen. 	
It derives from an umbelliferone. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monoterpenoid. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monoterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an umbelliferone. It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monoterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of hydroxycoumarins that is umbelliferone in which the ring hydrogen at position 8 has been replaced by a geranyl group. 	
It is a metallophthalocyanine and a copper tetrapyrrole. 	It is a metallophthalocyanine and a copper tetrapyrrole. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	It is a metallophthalocyanine and a copper tetrapyrrole. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a synthetic blue pigment which is used as a colorant in paints and dyes. 	It is a metallophthalocyanine and a copper tetrapyrrole. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a synthetic blue pigment which is used as a colorant in paints and dyes. The molecule is a metallophthalocyanine that is copper(2+) forming a coordination complex with phthalocyanine. 	
It is an abietane diterpenoid, an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a tricyclic diterpenoid. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a tricyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an abietane diterpenoid, an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a tricyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It is a member of tetramic acids, an enol, a primary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 	It is a member of tetramic acids, an enol, a primary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as a phytotoxin and an antibacterial agent. 	
It derives from a glycolaldehyde. 	It derives from a glycolaldehyde. It is an aldehyde and a monoalkyl phosphate. 	It derives from a glycolaldehyde. It is an aldehyde and a monoalkyl phosphate. The molecule is a member of the class of aldehydes that is glycolaldehyde in which the hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a phospho group. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an intermediate in the dermatan sulfate degradation pathway. 	
It is a member of benzofurans, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of benzofurans, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It is a lignan derivative isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea. 	
It contains a hexanoate. 	It contains a hexanoate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It contains a hexanoate. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of hexanoic acid by a sodium ion. 	
It derives from a tricosanoic acid. 	It derives from a tricosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a member of oxolanes, a triol and a lactol. 	It is a member of oxolanes, a triol and a lactol. The molecule is a triol consisting of tetrahydrofuran with three hydroxy substituents located at position 2, 3 and 4. 	
It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a sulfonamide, a member of isoxazoles, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Ternstroemia japonica, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a mono(glucosyluronic acid)bilirubin. 	It is a conjugate base of a mono(glucosyluronic acid)bilirubin. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. 	It is a conjugate base of a mono(glucosyluronic acid)bilirubin. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a mono(glucosyluronic acid)bilirubin. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the deprotonation of both of the carboxy groups of mono(glucosyluronic acid)bilirubin; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as an animal metabolite. 	It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a component of royal jelly. 	
It is an isocyanide and a hydroxycoumarin. 	It is an isocyanide and a hydroxycoumarin. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an iron chelator. 	It is an isocyanide and a hydroxycoumarin. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an iron chelator. The molecule is a hydroxycoumarin that is coumarin substituted by an isocyano group at position 3 and hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 7. 	
It is a class I yanuthone and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a class I yanuthone and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. 	
It contains a paroxetinium(1+). 	It contains a paroxetinium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. 	It contains a paroxetinium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. Antidepressant and anxiolytic in vivo. 	It contains a paroxetinium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. Antidepressant and anxiolytic in vivo. The molecule is a maleate salt obtained by reaction of paroxetine with one equivalent of maleic acid. 	
It has a role as a provitamin A, an antioxidant, a biomarker and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a provitamin A, an antioxidant, a biomarker and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from fruits such as papaya and oranges. 	It has a role as a provitamin A, an antioxidant, a biomarker and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from fruits such as papaya and oranges. The molecule is a carotenol that exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a tetrahydropyridine, an enoate ester, a pyridine alkaloid and a methyl ester. 	It is a tetrahydropyridine, an enoate ester, a pyridine alkaloid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a metabolite. 	It is a tetrahydropyridine, an enoate ester, a pyridine alkaloid and a methyl ester. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a metabolite. An alkaloid found in the areca nut, it acts as an agonist of muscarinic acetylcholine. 	
It is a polyphenol and a catechin. 	It is a polyphenol and a catechin. It has a role as an antioxidant. 	
It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. 	It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. A diuretic, it is used for treatment of oedema and hypertension. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. It derives from a propionic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. 	
It is a lactol, a bridged compound and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a lactol, a bridged compound and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a lactol, a bridged compound and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the leaves of Isodon megathyrsus, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It is an extended flavonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a polyphenol. 	It is an extended flavonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an extended flavonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a polyphenol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the twigs of Morus nigra. 	
It is a conjugate base of a moxifloxacinium(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a moxifloxacinium(1+). It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, a member of cyclopropanes, a pyrrolidinopiperidine, an aromatic ether, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. 	It is a conjugate base of a moxifloxacinium(1+). It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, a member of cyclopropanes, a pyrrolidinopiperidine, an aromatic ether, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. 	It is a conjugate base of a moxifloxacinium(1+). It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, a member of cyclopropanes, a pyrrolidinopiperidine, an aromatic ether, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. A member of the fluoroquinolone class of antibacterial agents. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an aclacinomycin A and an aclacinomycin A zwitterion. 	It is a conjugate acid of an aclacinomycin A and an aclacinomycin A zwitterion. The molecule is an anthracycline cation that is the conjugate acid of aclacinomycin A, obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group. 	
It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It derives from a triamcinolone. 	It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. It derives from a triamcinolone. Used to treat various skin infections. 	
It is a conjugate base of a C20 phytosphingosine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a C20 phytosphingosine(1+). It derives from a C20 sphinganine. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dihydrogeodin. 	It is a conjugate base of a dihydrogeodin. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a dihydrogeodin. It is the major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a phenolate anion obtained by deprotonation of the two phenolic hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 6 of dihydrogeodin. 	
It derives from a valerate. 	It derives from a valerate. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of an iron methylchlorin. Major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of an iron methylchlorin. Major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the removal of a proton from both of the carboxy groups of iron methylchlorin. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a primary carboxamide, an aromatic ketone and a methyl ketone. 	It is a member of benzamides, a primary carboxamide, an aromatic ketone and a methyl ketone. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a member of benzamides, a primary carboxamide, an aromatic ketone and a methyl ketone. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a methyl ketone that is benzamide in which one of the meta hydrogens has been replaced by an acetyl group. 	
It derives from a DDT. 	It derives from a DDT. It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. 	It derives from a DDT. It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. The molecule is a tertiary alcohol that is DDT in which the benzylic hydrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a ferroheme b. 	It derives from a ferroheme b. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a diol, a ferroheme, a metallochlorin and a tertiary alcohol. 	
It is a member of coumarins and a butyrate ester. 	It is a member of coumarins and a butyrate ester. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. 	
It is a member of phenols and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a member of phenols and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 	
It is a bromide salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 	It is a bromide salt and an inorganic sodium salt. The molecule is an inorganic sodium salt having bromide as the counterion. 	
It is a member of quinazolines, a member of benzimidazoles, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, an aromatic ether and a primary amino compound. 	It is a member of quinazolines, a member of benzimidazoles, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, an aromatic ether and a primary amino compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from an acetylpyruvic acid. 	It derives from an acetylpyruvic acid. The molecule is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is acetylpyruvic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an asiatic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrol. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an asiatic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrol. It has been isolated from the leaves of Rosa laevigata. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It derives from an asiatic acid. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrol. It has been isolated from the leaves of Rosa laevigata. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is asiatic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 19. 	
It is a member of D3 vitamins, a deuterated compound, a hydroxycalciol, an organofluorine compound and a tetrol. 	It is a member of D3 vitamins, a deuterated compound, a hydroxycalciol, an organofluorine compound and a tetrol. It has a role as a vitamin D receptor agonist and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of acetamides, an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of acetamides, an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a radioopaque medium. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of acetamides, an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a radioopaque medium. It is used as a contrast medium. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, a protein kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen, a radical scavenger, a chelator and an Aurora kinase inhibitor. 	It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, a protein kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen, a radical scavenger, a chelator and an Aurora kinase inhibitor. It is one of the most abundant flavonoids in edible vegetables, fruit and wine. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. Major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a member of benzenes and a monothiocarbamic ester. 	It is a member of benzenes and a monothiocarbamic ester. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. 	
It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles, an organobromine compound and a member of phenols. 	It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles, an organobromine compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a depsipeptide, a member of indoles, an organobromine compound and a member of phenols. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. The molecule is a depsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens. 	
It contains a magnesium dichloride. 	It contains a magnesium dichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a magnesium halide. 	It contains a magnesium dichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a magnesium halide. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of magnesium dichloride. 	
It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. 	It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 	It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is the major active component of the venom of the hornet Vespa velutina and causes degranulation of mast cells. 	
It derives from an ibuprofen. 	It derives from an ibuprofen. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 	It derives from an ibuprofen. It has a role as a drug metabolite. The molecule is a dicarboxylic acid that is ibuprofen in which one of the methyl groups in the isobutyl portion has been converted to the corresponding carboxylic acid. 	
Used as an antiviral and antiparkinson drug. 	Used as an antiviral and antiparkinson drug. The molecule is an alkylammonium sulfate salt obtained by combining amantadine and sulfuric acid in a 2:1 ratio. 	
It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. A polymer with the formula HO[CH2CH2O]2O[CH2CH(CH3)O]70[CH2CH2O]2OH. 	It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. A polymer with the formula HO[CH2CH2O]2O[CH2CH(CH3)O]70[CH2CH2O]2OH. The molecule is a triblock copolymer composed of a central hydrophobic chain of poly(propylene oxide) (70 units) flanked by two hydrophilic chains of poly(ethylene oxide) (20 units each). 	
It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a ferulic acid. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a ferulic acid. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a monomethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an aryl sulfate and a methoxycinnamic acid. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a ferulic acid. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a monomethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an aryl sulfate and a methoxycinnamic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a ferulic acid. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a monomethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an aryl sulfate and a methoxycinnamic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in Arabidopsis thaliana. 	It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a ferulic acid. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a monomethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an aryl sulfate and a methoxycinnamic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is found in Arabidopsis thaliana. The molecule is a guaiacyl lignin that is ferulic acid in which the phenolic hydrogen is replaced by a sulfoguaiacylglycerol group. 	
It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. The molecule is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isodecanol. 	
It is a diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 	It is a diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a hopanoid, a triol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 	It is a hopanoid, a triol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 	It is a hopanoid, a triol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It has been isolated from Hypocrella species. 	
It is a naphthalenetetrol and a naphthohydroquinone. 	It is a naphthalenetetrol and a naphthohydroquinone. The molecule is a naphthalenetetrol that is naphthalene which is substituted by hydroxy groups at postions 1, 2, 4, and 8. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a cembrane diterpenoid isolated from Sinularia gibberosa and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. 	
It derives from an ascr#3. 	It derives from an ascr#3. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It derives from an ascr#3. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a conjugate base of a chlorophyllide b. 	It is a conjugate base of a chlorophyllide b. It is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a chlorophyllide b. It is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. The molecule is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion that is the conjugate base of chlorophyllide b, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. 	
It is a monochloropyridine, an imidazolidinone and a member of ureas. 	It is a monochloropyridine, an imidazolidinone and a member of ureas. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a monochloropyridine, an imidazolidinone and a member of ureas. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the insecticide imidacloprid. 	
It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a ketone, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a proteasome inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces. 	
It is an aromatic amide, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, a member of biphenyls, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 	It is an aromatic amide, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, a member of biphenyls, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 	
It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a selenocysteinium. 	It is a conjugate base of a selenocysteinium. It contains a selanylmethyl group. 	It is a conjugate base of a selenocysteinium. It contains a selanylmethyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It contains a gevotroline(1+). 	It contains a gevotroline(1+). It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a dopamine receptor D2 antagonist. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of gevotroline and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is an oligosaccharide sulfate and a trisaccharide derivative. 	It is an oligosaccharide sulfate and a trisaccharide derivative. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a myricetin. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a myricetin. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a trimethoxyflavone that is myricetin in which the hydroxy groups at position 7, 3' and 5' have been replaced by methoxy groups. 	
It is a carbohydrate acid derivative, a monosaccharide derivative, a glycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative. 	It is a carbohydrate acid derivative, a monosaccharide derivative, a glycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. 	
It is an enamide, a secondary alcohol, a cinnamate ester and a primary carboxamide. 	It is an enamide, a secondary alcohol, a cinnamate ester and a primary carboxamide. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. 	
It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a straight chain alkane composed of 9 carbon atoms. 	
It is a conjugate base of a nimustine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a nimustine(1+). It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a conjugate base of a nimustine(1+). It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. An antineoplastic agent especially effective against malignant brain tumors. 	
It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 	It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. The molecule is a macrolide that is (together with pristinamycin IA) a component of pristinamycin, an oral streptogramin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces pristinaespiralis. 	
It contains a choline. 	It contains a choline. It is a chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. 	It contains a choline. It is a chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as an animal growth promotant. 	It contains a choline. It is a chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It has a role as an animal growth promotant. The molecule is a quaternary ammonium salt with choline cation and chloride anion. 	
It is a trisaccharide derivative, an enone, a tetracenomycin, a polyphenol, an enol, an ether, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a trisaccharide derivative, an enone, a tetracenomycin, a polyphenol, an enol, an ether, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a trisaccharide derivative, an enone, a tetracenomycin, a polyphenol, an enol, an ether, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a tetracenomycin that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the antitumour drug mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus. 	
It is a conjugate base of a glucobrassicin. 	It is a conjugate base of a glucobrassicin. The molecule is an indolylmethylglucosinolate that is the conjugate base of glucobrassicin, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group. 	
It is an azaphilone, an epoxide, a carboxylic ester, a secondary alcohol, an enone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is an azaphilone, an epoxide, a carboxylic ester, a secondary alcohol, an enone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. A fungal metabolite, it is isolated from the fermentation broth of Penicillium solitum strain CT2108 and exhibits inhibitory activity against fatty acid synthase as well as fungicidal activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a desmethylnaproxen. 	It is a conjugate base of a desmethylnaproxen. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a desmethylnaproxen. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of desmethylnaproxen, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is an organic heterobicyclic compound that is a cyclic peroxy compound isolated from the Australian marine sponge Plakinastrella clathrata. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a malate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the two carboxy groups of malic acid with two molecules of ethanol respectively. 	
It is a polypeptide and a lipopeptide. 	It is a polypeptide and a lipopeptide. It has a role as a mimotope. 	
coli). coli). 	coli). coli). It derives from a lipid A (E. 	coli). coli). It derives from a lipid A (E. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	coli). coli). It derives from a lipid A (E. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. coli. 	
It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 	It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a tertiary alcohol alcohol that is isobutane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. 	
It is an amino sugar and a deoxygalactose derivative. 	It is an amino sugar and a deoxygalactose derivative. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	
It contains an ergometrine. It has a role as an oxytocic and a diagnostic agent. 	It contains an ergometrine. It has a role as an oxytocic and a diagnostic agent. It is used in the active management of the third stage of labour, and to prevent or treat postpartum of postabortal haemorrhage caused by uterine atony: by maintaining uterine contraction and tone, blood vessels in the uterine wall are compressed and blood flow reduced. 	It contains an ergometrine. It has a role as an oxytocic and a diagnostic agent. It is used in the active management of the third stage of labour, and to prevent or treat postpartum of postabortal haemorrhage caused by uterine atony: by maintaining uterine contraction and tone, blood vessels in the uterine wall are compressed and blood flow reduced. The molecule is a maleate salt resulting form the reaction of equimolar amounts of maleic acid and ergometrine. 	
It is a lipopeptide and a polypeptide. 	It is a lipopeptide and a polypeptide. It has a role as a mimotope. 	
It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a member of catechols, a tetrol and a lignan. 	It is a member of catechols, a tetrol and a lignan. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. 	
It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. 	It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. 	It is an acetate ester, a benzoate ester and a lathyrane diterpenoid. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. The molecule is a lathyrane diterpenoid isolated from the roots of Euphorbia micractina. 	
It is a secondary carboxamide and a hydroxamic acid. 	It is a secondary carboxamide and a hydroxamic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an apigenin. 	It derives from an apigenin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a salicylic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. The molecule is a hydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a formyl group. 	
It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a labdane diterpenoid that is labdane with a double bond at position 13 and is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 8alpha and 19 and a carboxy group at position 15. 	
It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an organic cation. 	It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an organic cation. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It has been found in Daphnia pulex and exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a framycetin(6+). 	It is a conjugate base of a framycetin(6+). It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an allergen and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a framycetin(6+). It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an allergen and an Escherichia coli metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic antibacterial agent derived from neomycin, being a glycoside ester of neamine and neobiosamine B. 	
It derives from a hydride of a campestane. 	It derives from a hydride of a campestane. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It contains a profenamine. 	It contains a profenamine. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an antiparkinson drug and a muscarinic antagonist. 	It contains a profenamine. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an antiparkinson drug and a muscarinic antagonist. An antimuscarinic, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. 	It contains a profenamine. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an antiparkinson drug and a muscarinic antagonist. An antimuscarinic, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. The molecule is the monohydrochloride salt of profenamine. 	
It is a conjugate base of a mevinic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a mevinic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a mevinic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of mevinic acid. 	
It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 	It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. 	
It is a sesterterpenoid, a butenolide, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. 	It is a sesterterpenoid, a butenolide, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a sesterterpenoid, a butenolide, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a sesterterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Aplysinopsis digitata that exhibits cytotoxicity against P388 mouse leukemia cells. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
The parent of the class of cyclopentanols. 	The parent of the class of cyclopentanols. The molecule is the simplest member of the class of cyclopentanols bearing a single hydroxy substituent. 	
It derives from a methacrylic acid. 	It derives from a methacrylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a methacrylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a limonoid with a phragmalin skeleton isolated from the leaves of Trichilia connaroides. 	
It derives from a gefitinib. 	It derives from a gefitinib. It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. 	It derives from a gefitinib. It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. The molecule is an analogue of gefitinib in which the morpholino group is replaced by NH2. 	
It is a diarylheptanoid, a secondary alcohol and a member of catechols. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a secondary alcohol and a member of catechols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diarylheptanoid, a secondary alcohol and a member of catechols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the rhizomes of Curcuma kwangsiensis. 	
It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. Unlike enalapril, enalaprilat is not absorbed by mouth but is given by intravenous injection, usually as the dihydrate. 	It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. Unlike enalapril, enalaprilat is not absorbed by mouth but is given by intravenous injection, usually as the dihydrate. The molecule is enalapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding carboxylic acid. 	
It derives from a dapsone. 	It derives from a dapsone. It is a sulfone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and an anilide. 	It derives from a dapsone. It is a sulfone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and an anilide. It has a role as an antimicrobial drug and an antimalarial. 	It derives from a dapsone. It is a sulfone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and an anilide. It has a role as an antimicrobial drug and an antimalarial. An antimicrobial drug, it also has antimalarial activity. 	It derives from a dapsone. It is a sulfone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and an anilide. It has a role as an antimicrobial drug and an antimalarial. An antimicrobial drug, it also has antimalarial activity. The molecule is a sulfone that is dapsone in which both of the amino groups been acetylation. 	
It is a pyrrolopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aminopyridine, an organofluorine compound and a secondary amino compound. 	It is a pyrrolopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aminopyridine, an organofluorine compound and a secondary amino compound. Approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with symptomatic tenosynovial giant cell tumor (TGCT). 	
It is a lead coordination entity and a chromium coordination entity. 	It is a lead coordination entity and a chromium coordination entity. The molecule is a chromium coordination entity comprising chromate and lead(2+) ions in a 1:1 ratio It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a neurotoxin and a nephrotoxin. 	
It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an acetate ester, a butenolide, a carbobicyclic compound, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a diterpene lactone isolated from the whole plants of Ajuga ciliata. 	
It is an acetate ester, a biaryl, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol and a member of xanthones. 	It is an acetate ester, a biaryl, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is an acetate ester, a biaryl, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol and a member of xanthones. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. A dimeric tetrahydroxanthone derivative isolated from Phomopsis longicolla, it exhibits antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. 	It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. Isolated from Zaluzania triloba and Laurus nobilis, it exhibits trypanocidal activity. 	
It is an enol and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. 	It is an enol and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It has a role as a micronutrient and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 	It has a role as a micronutrient and an Escherichia coli metabolite. The molecule is an iron group element atom that has atomic number 26. 	
It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ketone. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from the roots of Ferula fukanensis, it inhibits production of nitric oxide (NO). 	
It contains a member of Htris. 	It contains a member of Htris. It has a role as a buffer. 	It contains a member of Htris. It has a role as a buffer. The molecule is an acetate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tris and acetic acid. 	
It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a monomethoxyflavanone. 	It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a monomethoxyflavanone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a monomethoxyflavanone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the stem barks of Maackia amurensis, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human cancer cell lines. 	
It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino nonasaccharide. 	It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino nonasaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 	It derives from a hydride of an androstane. The molecule is a trifluorinated corticosteroid used in the form of its propionate ester for treatment of allergic rhinitis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a pentalenic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a pentalenic acid. The molecule is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of pentalenic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a member of pyridazines, a carbamate ester, a member of morpholines, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes and an organochlorine compound. 	It is a member of pyridazines, a carbamate ester, a member of morpholines, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.5.1.117 (homogentisate solanesyltransferase) inhibitor. 	
It is a tertiary amine and a member of naphthalenes. 	It is a tertiary amine and a member of naphthalenes. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. 	It is a tertiary amine and a member of naphthalenes. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. It is an inhibitor of squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes, and is used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of dermatological fungal infections. 	
It derives from a pseudooxynicotine. 	It derives from a pseudooxynicotine. It is a dihydroxypyridine, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. 	It derives from a pseudooxynicotine. It is a dihydroxypyridine, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. The molecule is a dihydroxypyridine that is pseudooxynicotine in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 on the pyridine ring are substituted by hydroxy groups. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. It is an intermediate in resolvin E1 biosynthesis. 	
It is an aryl sulfate and a member of pyrazines. 	It is an aryl sulfate and a member of pyrazines. It has a role as a member of oxidized luciferins. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a uracil. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group at position 6. 	
It is a conjugate base of an acetylpyruvic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of an acetylpyruvic acid. It derives from a valerate. 	
It is a tautomer of a tryptophan. 	It is a tautomer of a tryptophan. The molecule is an amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of tryptophan; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an acetic acid. 	It derives from an acetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an indolyl carboxylic acid. 	
It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. 	It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. It has a role as a buffer. 	It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. It has a role as a buffer. The molecule is a potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of phosphoric acid. 	
It derives from a cortisone. 	It derives from a cortisone. It has a role as a probe and a human metabolite. 	
It is an enantiomer of a tamsulosin(1+). 	It is an enantiomer of a tamsulosin(1+). The major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 	It is an aromatic ether, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a hepatotoxic agent. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C29H40O4, originally isolated from the root bark of Tripterygium regelii. 	
It is an indole alkaloid, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of pyrroles and a substituted aniline. 	It is an indole alkaloid, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of pyrroles and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an androgen antagonist. 	
It is an amino oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a quinazoline alkaloid and a member of phenols. 	It is a quinazoline alkaloid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 	It is a quinazoline alkaloid and a member of phenols. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It has been isolated from Penicillium paneum. 	
It derives from an afzelechin. 	It derives from an afzelechin. It is a proanthocyanidin and a biflavonoid. 	It derives from an afzelechin. It is a proanthocyanidin and a biflavonoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 	It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a cathepsin B inhibitor, a cathepsin L (EC 3.4.22.15) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.22.2 (papain) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a cathepsin B inhibitor, a cathepsin L (EC 3.4.22.15) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.22.2 (papain) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. The epoxide group has trans configuration but its exact stereochemistry is uncertain: it is either (2R,3R) or (2S,3S). 	It is an epoxide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a cathepsin B inhibitor, a cathepsin L (EC 3.4.22.15) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.22.2 (papain) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. The epoxide group has trans configuration but its exact stereochemistry is uncertain: it is either (2R,3R) or (2S,3S). It is a natural product, isolated from Gliocladium sp. 	
It is a sesterterpenoid, a carbopolycyclic compound and a tertiary allylic alcohol. 	It is a sesterterpenoid, a carbopolycyclic compound and a tertiary allylic alcohol. The molecule is a tetracyclic sesterterpenoid obtained by by expressing a small gene cluster consisting of a terpene synthase (Nf SS) and a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase (Nf P450). 	
It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:1 and a tetradecanoate ester. 	It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:1 and a tetradecanoate ester. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It derives from an adenine. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 	It derives from an adenine. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. The molecule is a nucleobase analogue that is adenine in which one of the exocyclic amino hydrogens is replaced by a carbamoylmethyl group. 	
It is a primary arylamine and a dimethylaniline. 	It is a primary arylamine and a dimethylaniline. A clear to yellow liquid, it is used in production of certain dyes, pesticides and other chemicals. 	
It contains a succinylcholine chloride (anhydrous). 	It contains a succinylcholine chloride (anhydrous). It has a role as a muscle relaxant. 	It contains a succinylcholine chloride (anhydrous). It has a role as a muscle relaxant. The molecule is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of succinylcholine chloride. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from an astechrome. 	It derives from an astechrome. It is an iron(III) hydroxamate, a member of indoles and a member of pyrazines. 	It derives from an astechrome. It is an iron(III) hydroxamate, a member of indoles and a member of pyrazines. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from an astechrome. It is an iron(III) hydroxamate, a member of indoles and a member of pyrazines. It has a role as a metabolite. First isolated from Aspergillus fumigatus. 	
It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 	It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. 	It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'safranin O'. 	
It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 	It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a rat metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a flavoxate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a flavoxate. The molecule is a piperidinium ion resulting from the protonation of the nitrogen atom of flavoxate. 	
It contains a dobutamine. 	It contains a dobutamine. The molecule is the hydrochloride salt of dobutamine. 	
It contains a triprolidine hydrochloride (anh.). 	It contains a triprolidine hydrochloride (anh.). A sedating antihistamine, it is used for the symptomatic relief of uticaria, rhinitis, and various pruritic skin disorders. 	It contains a triprolidine hydrochloride (anh.). A sedating antihistamine, it is used for the symptomatic relief of uticaria, rhinitis, and various pruritic skin disorders. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of triprolidine hydrochloride. 	
It is a cyclopentapyran, an iridoid monoterpenoid and a lactol. 	It is a cyclopentapyran, an iridoid monoterpenoid and a lactol. It has a role as a pheromone and a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a picrotoxinin. 	It derives from a picrotoxinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a picrotoxinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is the less toxic component of picrotoxin, lacking GABA activity. 	It derives from a picrotoxinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is the less toxic component of picrotoxin, lacking GABA activity. The molecule is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is picrotoxinin in which the olefinic double bond has undergone addition of water to give the corresponding tertiary alcohol. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an aminopyridine, a biaryl, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aromatic ether. 	It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an aminopyridine, a biaryl, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. 	
It is an organobromine compound and a polyphenol. 	It is an organobromine compound and a polyphenol. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is an organic molecular entity and an organophosphate oxoanion. 	It is an organic molecular entity and an organophosphate oxoanion. Conjugate base of CHEBI:40113. 	It is an organic molecular entity and an organophosphate oxoanion. Conjugate base of CHEBI:40113. The molecule is major structure at pH 7.3. 	
It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound, a carbobicyclic compound and a polycyclic olefin. 	It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound, a carbobicyclic compound and a polycyclic olefin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 	It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. Isolated from Cratoxylum cochinchinense, it exhibits cytotoxic and antioxidant activities. 	
It is a C45 carotenoid and a primary allylic alcohol. 	It is a C45 carotenoid and a primary allylic alcohol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It is an epoxide, a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. 	It is an epoxide, a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. 	It is an epoxide, a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium brasiliense. 	It is an epoxide, a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium brasiliense. The molecule is a cytochalasan alkaloid that is the acetyl derivative of chaetoglobosin A. 	
It derives from a gibberellin A3. 	It derives from a gibberellin A3. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone, a methyl ester, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 	It derives from a gibberellin A3. It is a gibberellin ester, a lactone, a methyl ester, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. The molecule is a gibberellin ester that is the methyl ester of gibberellin A3. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a conjugate base of a DSGEGDFLAEGGGVR. 	It is a conjugate base of a DSGEGDFLAEGGGVR. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. 	
It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 	It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. A metabolite of triclocarban. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a uracil. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a pyrimidone that is uracil with methyl group substituents at positions 1 and 5. 	
It is a conjugate base of a dimethylaminium. 	It is a conjugate base of a dimethylaminium. It is a secondary aliphatic amine and a member of methylamines. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a colistin B. It is a polymyxin, an amino sulfonic acid and a peptide antibiotic. 	It derives from a colistin B. It is a polymyxin, an amino sulfonic acid and a peptide antibiotic. The molecule is colistin B in which each of the primary amino groups is converted into the corresponding aminomethanesulfonic acid, commonly by the action of formaldehyde followed by sodium bisulfite. 	
It derives from a coenzyme A. 	It derives from a coenzyme A. It is an organic disulfide and a glutathione derivative. 	It derives from a coenzyme A. It is an organic disulfide and a glutathione derivative. The molecule is an organic disulfide arising from oxidative coupling of the thiol functions of coenzyme A and glutathione. 	
It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a diterpene lactone, an abietane diterpenoid and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an abietane diterpenoid isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. 	
It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. Isolated from Antheroporum pierrei, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a radical scavenger, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. 	It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a radical scavenger, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the callus of Hypericum perforatum and exhibits antioxidant and antimicrobial activities. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a tetryzoline. 	It is a conjugate acid of a tetryzoline. The molecule is an imidazolium ion resulting from the protonation of the dihydro imidazole ring of tetryzoline. 	
It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. 	It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. NB The absolute configuration of the stereocentre at position 5 on the furanone ring is known to be S, but only the relative configuration of the diol moiety has been assigned as threo. 	
It derives from a uracil. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and an aliphatic sulfide. 	It derives from a uracil. It is a pyrimidone and an aliphatic sulfide. The molecule is a pyrimidone that is uracil in which positions 1, 5, and 6 are substituted by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and cyclohexylsulfanyl groups, respectively. 	
It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). 	It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). Formerly used to lower cholesterol and prevent cardiovascular disease, it was withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001 following reports of a severe form of muscle toxicity. 	It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). Formerly used to lower cholesterol and prevent cardiovascular disease, it was withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001 following reports of a severe form of muscle toxicity. The molecule is the sodium salt of cerivastatin. 	
It is a tautomer of a bradykinin. 	It is a tautomer of a bradykinin. The molecule is a peptide cation obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group and protonation of the amino and guanidino groups of bradykinin; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogencarbonate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogencarbonate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogencarbonate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a carbon oxoacid and a chalcocarbonic acid. 	
It derives from a salicylic acid. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a benzoate ester and a member of salicylates. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a benzoate ester and a member of salicylates. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a metabolite and an insect attractant. 	It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a benzoate ester and a member of salicylates. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a metabolite and an insect attractant. The molecule is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of salicylic acid. 	
It is a steroid acid, a deoxymannose derivative, a steroid ester, a steroid saponin, an acetate ester and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a steroid acid, a deoxymannose derivative, a steroid ester, a steroid saponin, an acetate ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a steroid acid, a deoxymannose derivative, a steroid ester, a steroid saponin, an acetate ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). 	It is a conjugate acid of an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). It derives from an ethylenediamine. 	It is a conjugate acid of an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). It derives from an ethylenediamine. The molecule is a dithiocarbamic acid resulting from the formal addition of a molecule of carbon disulfide to each amino group of ethylenediamine. 	
It derives from an agmatine and a ferulic acid. 	It derives from an agmatine and a ferulic acid. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an agmatine and a ferulic acid. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of cinnamamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of ferulic acid with the amino group of agmatine. 	
It derives from a fluorescein. 	It derives from a fluorescein. It is a member of xanthenes, an acetate ester, an organochlorine compound and an acyclic carboxylic anhydride. 	It derives from a fluorescein. It is a member of xanthenes, an acetate ester, an organochlorine compound and an acyclic carboxylic anhydride. The molecule is a member of the class of xanthenes that is the acetic anhydride of dihydrofluorescein diacetate carrying additional chloro substituents at positions 2 and 7 as well as a chloromethyl substituent meta to the anhydride function. 	
It is an anilide, an organochlorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an anilide, an organochlorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 	
It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a monocarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 	It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a monocarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a monocarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The molecule is a polycyclic cage compound isolated from Streptomyces platensis. 	
It is a carbobicyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of styrenes. 	It is a carbobicyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of styrenes. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a leukotriene B4. 	It derives from a leukotriene B4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a leukotriene B4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a leukotriene that is leukotriene B4 carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 18. 	
It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and an antidepressant. 	It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and an antidepressant. It is a metabolite of the drug venlafaxine. 	
It is a conjugate base of a nocamycin E. 	It is a conjugate base of a nocamycin E. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a nocamycin E. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The major species at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a nocamycin E. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is a dianion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group and the enol group of nocamycin E. 	
The major species at pH 7.3. 	The major species at pH 7.3. The molecule is a lysophosphatidylcholine 14:0 in which the acyl group specified is myristoyl. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a rosanilin free base. 	It is a conjugate acid of a rosanilin free base. The molecule is an iminium ion obtained by protonation of the imino group of rosanilin free base. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone carrying two hydroxy substituents located at positions 4' and 7. 	
It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of isoquinolines carrying two methoxy substituents at positions 6 and 7. 	
It derives from an aporphine. 	It derives from an aporphine. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. 	
It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin C2. 	It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin C2. The molecule is a prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of prostaglandin C2, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It derives from an andrastin C. 	It derives from an andrastin C. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. 	It derives from an andrastin C. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. A farnesyltransferase inhibitor produced by Penicillium roqueforti, a filamentous fungus involved in the ripening of several kinds of blue cheeses. 	
It contains a histrelin. 	It contains a histrelin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. 	It contains a histrelin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. Histrelin acetate is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. The amount of acetic acid present can vary and a variable amount of water may be present. 	It contains a histrelin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. Histrelin acetate is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. The amount of acetic acid present can vary and a variable amount of water may be present. The molecule is an acetate salt obtained by combining histrelin with acetic acid. 	
It derives from a betamethasone. 	It derives from a betamethasone. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. 	It derives from a betamethasone. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It is used in combination with calcipotriene hydrate, a synthetic vitamin D analogue, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. 	It derives from a betamethasone. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It is used in combination with calcipotriene hydrate, a synthetic vitamin D analogue, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. The molecule is a steroid ester that is betamethasone in which the hydroxy hydrogens at positions 17 and 21 are replaced by propanoyl groups. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. The molecule is a triglyceride in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as oleoyl while that at position 3 is specified as palmitoyl. 	
It is a member of acetophenones, an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of acetophenones, an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is a member of acetophenones, an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is an acetophenone substituted by a sulfooxy group at position 2 and by a hydroxy group at position 4. 	
It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antiviral agent. 	It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antiviral agent. The molecule is an organic heterohexacyclic compound with antiviral and antibiotic properties that is isolated from Amauroascus aureus. 	
It derives from an isoorientin. 	It derives from an isoorientin. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a carbotricyclic compound, an alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of acetamides. 	It is a carbotricyclic compound, an alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of acetamides. It has been isolated from the plants belonging to genus Colchicum. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is a dialkyl ketone and a methyl ketone. 	It is a dialkyl ketone and a methyl ketone. It has a role as a pheromone and a mouse metabolite. 	It is a dialkyl ketone and a methyl ketone. It has a role as a pheromone and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a dialkyl ketone with methyl and pentyl as the alkyl groups. 	
It derives from an allopurinol. 	It derives from an allopurinol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a pyruvic acid and a phosphinic acid. 	It derives from a pyruvic acid and a phosphinic acid. The molecule is a member of phosphinic acids. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a dolichol phosphate. 	
It is a conjugate base of a metformin(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a metformin(1+). It derives from a biguanide. 	It is a conjugate base of a metformin(1+). It derives from a biguanide. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 	It is a conjugate base of a metformin(1+). It derives from a biguanide. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. The molecule is a member of the class of guanidines that is biguanide the carrying two methyl substituents at position 1. 	
It is a carbamate ester, an aromatic ether, a member of pyrazoles, a methoxycarbanilate strobilurin antifungal agent and a carbanilate fungicide. 	It is a carbamate ester, an aromatic ether, a member of pyrazoles, a methoxycarbanilate strobilurin antifungal agent and a carbanilate fungicide. A fungicide that is active against powdery mildew and other diseases. 	
It contains a cobalt(2+). 	It contains a cobalt(2+). It is a cobalt salt and an inorganic chloride. 	It contains a cobalt(2+). It is a cobalt salt and an inorganic chloride. It is used as an indicator for water in desiccants. 	
It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 	It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a potent carcinogen and is present in tobacco smoke. 	
It derives from a phenylboronic acid. 	It derives from a phenylboronic acid. It is an aromatic ketone and a member of boronic acids. 	It derives from a phenylboronic acid. It is an aromatic ketone and a member of boronic acids. The molecule is a member of the class of boronic acids that is phenylboronic acid substituted by an acetyl group at position 3. 	
It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. 	It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is a butenolide, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and an acetate ester. 	It is a butenolide, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a butenolide, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from the stems of Aglaia abbreviata. 	
It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. 	It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate acid of an isobutyrate. 	It is a conjugate acid of an isobutyrate. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. 	
It derives from a gallic acid. 	It derives from a gallic acid. It is a member of catechols and a member of benzoic acids. 	It derives from a gallic acid. It is a member of catechols and a member of benzoic acids. The molecule is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is gallic acid in which the phenolic hydroxy group at position 3 is converted into the corresponding methyl ether. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines, a monohydroxypyridine and a pyridine alkaloid. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines, a monohydroxypyridine and a pyridine alkaloid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	
It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 	It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a cardioprotective agent, a bone density conservation agent and a hepatoprotective agent. 	
It is an aromatic amine and a member of triazoles. 	It is an aromatic amine and a member of triazoles. It has a role as a herbicide, an EC 1.11.1.6 (catalase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. Used to control annual grasses and aquatic weeds (but not on food crops because it causes cancer in laboratory animals). 	
It derives from a galangin. 	It derives from a galangin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a galangin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a trihydroxyflavone that is galangin substituted by a prenyl group at position 8. 	
It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the leaves of Combretum quadrangulare. 	
It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. Edifenphos is moderately toxic to mammals and fish but poses more of a risk to aquatic invertebrates. 	It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. Edifenphos is moderately toxic to mammals and fish but poses more of a risk to aquatic invertebrates. Used to control a variety of fungal diseases on rice including blast, ear blight and stem rot. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 	It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. It derives from an aconitine. 	
It is a member of thiophenes, a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of quinolizines. 	It is a member of thiophenes, a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of quinolizines. Its bromide salt is used as an antispasmodic drug. 	
It is a member of hydrazines, a member of pyrazoles and a member of benzoic acids. 	It is a member of hydrazines, a member of pyrazoles and a member of benzoic acids. It has a role as a thrombopoietin receptor agonist and a xenobiotic. 	
It is an enal, an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid and an epoxide. 	It is an enal, an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid and an epoxide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a plant growth retardant. 	It is an enal, an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid and an epoxide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a plant growth retardant. The molecule is an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid that is xanthoxin in which the double bonds at positions 2 and 4 have E (trans) configuration. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and a neuroprotective agent. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and a neuroprotective agent. The molecule is a monoterpene glycoside with formula C23H28O11, originally isolated from the roots of Paeonia lactiflora. 	
It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and a fungicide. 	It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and a fungicide. It is a plant growth regulator which is used as a cotton harvest aid. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. 	
It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. 	It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. The molecule is an organooxygen compound and an organonitrogen compound. 	
It is a chlorocatechol and a tetrachlorobenzene. 	It is a chlorocatechol and a tetrachlorobenzene. The molecule is a chlorocatechol that is catechol in which all of the hydrogens attached to the benzene ring are replaced by chlorines. 	
It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a palmitoleic acid. 	It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a palmitoleic acid. The molecule is a triglyceride in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as palmitoyl while that at position 3 is specified as palmitoleoyl. 	
It is an imidothiocarbamic ester and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is an imidothiocarbamic ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It derives from a phloroglucinol. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. 	It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. Isolated from the brown alga Ecklonia stolonifera, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. 	
It has a role as a metabolite. 	It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a monohydroxyflavanone in which the hydroxy group is located at position 3'. 	
It derives from a norathyriol. 	It derives from a norathyriol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It derives from a guaiacol. 	It derives from a guaiacol. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of guaiacols. 	It derives from a guaiacol. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an expectorant. 	It derives from a guaiacol. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an expectorant. Commonly used (in the form of its potassium salt) as an expectorant. 	It derives from a guaiacol. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an expectorant. Commonly used (in the form of its potassium salt) as an expectorant. The molecule is an arenesulfonic acid that is guaiacol sulfated at position 4. 	
It has a role as a hapten and a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a hapten and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the plant species of the genus Digitalis. 	
It derives from a chromenylium. 	It derives from a chromenylium. The molecule is a member of the class of chromenyliums that is chromenylium with a phenyl substituent at position 2. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. The molecule is a triacylglycerol 50:2 in which the acyl groups at positions 1, 2 and 3 are specified as linoleoyl, oleoyl and isoheptadecanoyl respectively. 	
It contains a memantinium(1+). 	It contains a memantinium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent, a neuroprotective agent and a NMDA receptor antagonist. 	It contains a memantinium(1+). It has a role as an antidepressant, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent, a neuroprotective agent and a NMDA receptor antagonist. The molecule is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of memantine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. 	
It contains an oxythiamine(1+). 	It contains an oxythiamine(1+). It has a role as an antimetabolite and a vitamin B1 antagonist. 	It contains an oxythiamine(1+). It has a role as an antimetabolite and a vitamin B1 antagonist. The molecule is a organic chloride salt having oxythiamine as the counterion. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It derives from a dityrosine. 	It derives from a dityrosine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a tetrahydroalstonine(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a tetrahydroalstonine(1+). It is a yohimban alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. 	It is a conjugate base of a tetrahydroalstonine(1+). It is a yohimban alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a conjugate base of a tetrahydroalstonine(1+). It is a yohimban alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a metabolite found in several plant species. 	
It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. 	It derives from a hydride of a bisabolane. The molecule is a sesquiterpenoid that is bisabolane having double bonds at positions 2 and 9 as well as a hydroxy substituent at position 7. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine(4+). 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine(4+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine(4+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a marine metabolite. 	It is a conjugate acid of a caldopentamine(4+). It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It has a role as a marine metabolite. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the five amino groups of caldopentamine. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroabietate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroabietate. It derives from an abietic acid. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroabietate. It derives from an abietic acid. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a carbotricyclic compound. 	It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroabietate. It derives from an abietic acid. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a carbotricyclic compound. It has a role as a metabolite and an allergen. 	
It is a chloropyridine and a hydroxypyridine. 	It is a chloropyridine and a hydroxypyridine. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a chloropyridine and a hydroxypyridine. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical chlorpyrifos. 	It is a chloropyridine and a hydroxypyridine. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical chlorpyrifos. The molecule is a hydroxypyridine that is pyridine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5 and chloro groups at positions 3 and 6. 	
It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin I2. 	It is a conjugate base of a prostaglandin I2. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is conjugate base of prostaglandin I2. 	
It derives from a hydride of an aporphine. 	It derives from a hydride of an aporphine. The molecule is an aporphine alkaloid. 	
It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. 	It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 	
It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. 	It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. It has a role as a hapten. 	It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. It has a role as a hapten. The molecule is the acyl chloride obtained by displacement of the hydroxy group of dichloroacetic acid by chloride. 	
It is a member of quinolines, a secondary carboxamide and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of quinolines, a secondary carboxamide and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a SERCA activator. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. The molecule is a straight chain alkane containing 23 carbon atoms. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. It is the major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a furanocoumarin and a member of phenols. 	It is a furanocoumarin and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a furanocoumarin and a member of phenols. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from the bark of Ochrocarpos punctatus, it exhibits cytotoxicity against the A2780 ovarian cancer cell line. 	
It derives from a benzonitrile. 	It derives from a benzonitrile. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. 	It derives from a benzonitrile. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. The molecule is a member of phenols. 	
It derives from a rifampicin zwitterion. 	It derives from a rifampicin zwitterion. It is the major species at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It derives from an adipic acid. 	It derives from an adipic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a human metabolite. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite and a neurotransmitter. 	It has a role as a human metabolite and a neurotransmitter. The molecule is a tryptophan derivative that is tryptophan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5. 	
It derives from a leukotriene B4. 	It derives from a leukotriene B4. The molecule is a leukotriene that is leukotriene B4 in which the three methyl hydrogens at position 20 have been replaced by hydroxy groups. 	
It derives from a semicarbazide. 	It derives from a semicarbazide. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. 	It derives from a semicarbazide. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. An antibiotic that damages bacterial DNA. 	
It is a peptide hormone and a tripeptide. 	It is a peptide hormone and a tripeptide. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	
It is a Cy5 dye and an indolium ion. 	It is a Cy5 dye and an indolium ion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a secondary alcohol, a carboxylic ester, an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an aryl sulfide and a member of hydroquinones. 	It is a secondary alcohol, a carboxylic ester, an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an aryl sulfide and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a secondary alcohol, a carboxylic ester, an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an aryl sulfide and a member of hydroquinones. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It exhibits antineoplastic activity. 	
It is a conjugate base of a trypan blue sulfonic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a trypan blue sulfonic acid. The molecule is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the tetraanionic form of trypan blue. 	
It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzodioxoles and a member of oxolanes. 	It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzodioxoles and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzodioxoles and a member of oxolanes. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from the aerial parts of Piper futokadsura, it exhibits inhibitory activity against production of nitric oxide (NO). 	
It is a BODIPY compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a BODIPY compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It is a hydroxamic acid, a sulfonamide and an olefinic compound. 	It is a hydroxamic acid, a sulfonamide and an olefinic compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. 	
It contains an iron(2+). 	It contains an iron(2+). It is a metal sulfate and an iron molecular entity. 	It contains an iron(2+). It is a metal sulfate and an iron molecular entity. It has a role as a reducing agent. 	It contains an iron(2+). It is a metal sulfate and an iron molecular entity. It has a role as a reducing agent. The molecule is a compound of iron and sulfate in which the ratio of iron(2+) to sulfate ions is 1:1. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a tirucallane triterpenoid isolated from Dysoxylum lenticellatum. 	
It is a conjugate base of a nitric acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitric acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitric acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. Principal species present at pH 7.3. 	It is a conjugate base of a nitric acid. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. Principal species present at pH 7.3. The molecule is a nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from nitric acid. 	
It derives from a bufanolide. 	It derives from a bufanolide. It is a steroid lactone and an epoxy steroid. 	It derives from a bufanolide. It is a steroid lactone and an epoxy steroid. The molecule is a steroid lactone of Chan su (toad venom), a Chinese medicine obtained from the skin venom gland of toads. 	
It is a cyanine dye, a quaternary ammonium ion, a benzoxazolium ion and a quinolinium ion. 	It is a cyanine dye, a quaternary ammonium ion, a benzoxazolium ion and a quinolinium ion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It contains a flecainide(1+). 	It contains a flecainide(1+). An antiarrhythmic agent used to prevent and treat tachyarrhythmia (abnormal fast rhythm of the heart). 	It contains a flecainide(1+). An antiarrhythmic agent used to prevent and treat tachyarrhythmia (abnormal fast rhythm of the heart). The molecule is an acetate salt obtained by combining flecainide with one molar equivalent of acetic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a vorapaxar(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of a vorapaxar(1+). It is a member of pyridines, a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, a naphthofuran and a lactone. 	It is a conjugate base of a vorapaxar(1+). It is a member of pyridines, a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, a naphthofuran and a lactone. It has been shown to reduce the rate of a combined endpoint of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke and urgent coronary revascularisation. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a cholate. 	It is a conjugate acid of a cholate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a clodronic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a clodronic acid. The molecule is the dianion resulting from the removal of two protons from clondronic acid. 	
It derives from a dihydroxyacetone. 	It derives from a dihydroxyacetone. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 	It derives from a dihydroxyacetone. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of glycerone phosphates that consists of glycerone bearing a single phospho substituent. 	
It derives from a henicosanoic acid. 	It derives from a henicosanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a henicosanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of henicosanoic acid with methanol. 	
It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of thiophenes. 	It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of thiophenes. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a neuroprotective agent, a hallucinogen and a NMDA receptor antagonist. 	It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of thiophenes. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a neuroprotective agent, a hallucinogen and a NMDA receptor antagonist. Its effects are similar to those of phencyclidine (PCP, an analogue with the thienyl group replaced by phenyl), but it is rather more potent. 	It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of thiophenes. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a neuroprotective agent, a hallucinogen and a NMDA receptor antagonist. Its effects are similar to those of phencyclidine (PCP, an analogue with the thienyl group replaced by phenyl), but it is rather more potent. A dissociative anaesthetic drug with halluccinogenic and stimulant effects. 	
It derives from a cyanidin cation. 	It derives from a cyanidin cation. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. 	It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen. 	It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen. It has a role as a siderophore. 	It is a conjugate base of a desferricoprogen. It has a role as a siderophore. The molecule is a hydroxamic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the three hydroxamic acid groups of desferricoprogen. 	
It derives from a resorcinol. 	It derives from a resorcinol. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. 	It derives from a resorcinol. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. The molecule is an aryl sulfate that is resorcinol with one of the two hydroxy groups substituted by a sulfo group. 	
It has a role as a plant growth retardant. Its salts (particularly the chloride salt, known as chlormequat chloride) are used as plant growth retardants. 	It has a role as a plant growth retardant. Its salts (particularly the chloride salt, known as chlormequat chloride) are used as plant growth retardants. The molecule is a quaternary ammonium ion that is choline in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a chlorine. 	
It derives from a tiglic acid. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It derives from a tiglic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid isolated from Elephantopus mollis and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. 	
It derives from a bruceolide. 	It derives from a bruceolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It derives from a bruceolide. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antimalarial. It has been isolated from Brucea javanica and Brucea sumatrana. 	
It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone and a disaccharide derivative. 	It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone and a disaccharide derivative. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone and a disaccharide derivative. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. 	
It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 	It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	
It is a pyrroline and a cyclic ketone. 	It is a pyrroline and a cyclic ketone. The molecule is a pyrroline cyclic ketone that is an isomer of tenuazonic acid, a mycotoxin produced by various plant pathogenic fungi. 	
It derives from a linoleic acid. 	It derives from a linoleic acid. It is a HPODE and an octadecanoid. 	
It derives from a benzoic acid and an isobutanol. 	It derives from a benzoic acid and an isobutanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a benzoic acid and an isobutanol. It has a role as a metabolite. The molecule is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of benzoic acid with isobutanol. 	
It is a hydrazone, a member of imidazolidines and a member of anthracenes. 	It is a hydrazone, a member of imidazolidines and a member of anthracenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 	
It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a member of phenols and a macrocycle. 	It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a member of phenols and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 	It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a member of phenols and a macrocycle. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. It is an antimalarial drug isolated from the insect pathogenic fungus Cordyceps. 	
It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of phenols. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of phenols. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 	It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of phenols. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. The molecule is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 3, and 2' positions are substituted by hydroxy groups. 	
It has a role as a mutagen. 	It has a role as a mutagen. The molecule is a colchicine and an alkaloid. 	
It is a member of benzamides, a dibromobenzene and a member of phenols. 	It is a member of benzamides, a dibromobenzene and a member of phenols. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a member of benzamides, a dibromobenzene and a member of phenols. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a member of the class of benzamides carrying two bromo substituents at positions 3 and 5 as well as a hydroxy substituent at position 4. 	
It is a member of pyridines, a sulfoximide, a nitrile and an organofluorine compound. 	It is a member of pyridines, a sulfoximide, a nitrile and an organofluorine compound. The insecticide sulfoxalor is a mixture of the four possible stereoisomers arising from the two tetrahedral stereocentres. 	
It is a member of phenothiazines, a sulfoxide and a tertiary amino compound. 	It is a member of phenothiazines, a sulfoxide and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. 	
It derives from a cholesterol. 	It derives from a cholesterol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It derives from a cholesterol. It has a role as a human metabolite. The molecule is an oxysterol that is cholesterol which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 7alpha and 26 positions. 	
It is a member of chromenes and an aromatic ether. 	It is a member of chromenes and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a member of precocenes and a plant metabolite. 	
It is a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a cyclodepsipeptide. 	It is a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a cyclodepsipeptide. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. 	It is a macrocycle, an organobromine compound and a cyclodepsipeptide. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. It exhibits significant inhibitory activity against the enzyme chymotrypsin (EC 3.4.21.1). 	
It is a member of cyclopropanes, a methyl ketone and an olefinic compound. 	It is a member of cyclopropanes, a methyl ketone and an olefinic compound. The molecule is a cyclopropane substituted at positions 1 and 2 by methylene and acetyl groups respectively. 	
It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. 	It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. The molecule is a trialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and an organophosphate nematicide. 	
It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It is a conjugate base of an oxiconazole(1+). 	It is a conjugate base of an oxiconazole(1+). It has a role as an antiinfective agent. 	It is a conjugate base of an oxiconazole(1+). It has a role as an antiinfective agent. An antifungal agent, it is used (generally as the nitrate salt) in creams and powders for the topical treatment of fungal skin infections. 	
It contains a dexbrompheniramine. 	It contains a dexbrompheniramine. A histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions, including rhinitis and conjunctivitis. 	
It is a conjugate base of a HP_dp02_0009. 	It is a conjugate base of a HP_dp02_0009. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion, an organic sulfamate oxoanion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a carbohydrate acid derivative anion. 	It is a conjugate base of a HP_dp02_0009. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion, an organic sulfamate oxoanion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a carbohydrate acid derivative anion. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group, both sulfate groups and sulfamic acid group of HP_dp02_0009. 	
It is a labdane diterpenoid, an ether, a triol, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, an ether, a triol, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a labdane diterpenoid, an ether, a triol, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a labdane diterpenoid with formula C21H36O4, originally isolated from the seeds of Oryza sativa. 	
It is an oxaspiro compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enone and a spiroketal. 	It is an oxaspiro compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an enone and a spiroketal. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	
It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. 	It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. It is a diarylmethane and a member of guaiacols. 	It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. It is a diarylmethane and a member of guaiacols. The molecule is a diarylmethane that is diphenylmethane substituted by hydroxy group at positions 2 and 2', methoxy groups st positions 3 and 3', and propyl groups at positions 5 and 5' respectively. 	
It contains a diltiazem(1+). 	It contains a diltiazem(1+). It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and a calcium channel blocker. 	It contains a diltiazem(1+). It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and a calcium channel blocker. The molecule is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of diltiazem and hydrogen chloride. 	
It is an amino pentasaccharide, a triterpenoid saponin and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide, a triterpenoid saponin and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a marine metabolite. 	It is an amino pentasaccharide, a triterpenoid saponin and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a marine metabolite. The molecule is a triterpenoid saponin isolated from the sponge Melophlus sarasinorum and has been shown to exhibit antimicrobial activity. 	
It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M1 and a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. 	It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M1 and a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. It is a cyclosporin A derivative, a tertiary alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. 	It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M1 and a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. It is a cyclosporin A derivative, a tertiary alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a rosmarinic acid. 	It is a conjugate base of a rosmarinic acid. The molecule is the conjugate base of rosmarinic acid; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is a tautomer of a tyramine sulfate. 	It is a tautomer of a tyramine sulfate. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of a tyramine sulfate. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. The molecule is a zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the sulfate to the amino group of tyramine sulfate; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It is an azo compound and an organosulfonate oxoanion. 	It is an azo compound and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 	
It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is an anthocyanidin cation that is flavylium substituted by a hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 7 and 4'. 	
The parent of the class of methanopterins. 	The parent of the class of methanopterins. The molecule is a member of the class of methanopterins obtained by formal dehydrogenation at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8 of tetrahydromethanopterin. 	
It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a hydride of an ursane. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Lysimachia clethroides. 	
It is a secondary alcohol and a hexanol. 	It is a secondary alcohol and a hexanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a secondary alcohol and a hexanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a hexanol in which the hydroxy group is at position 3. 	
It is a capsaicinoid, a member of biphenyls, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of guaiacols. 	It is a capsaicinoid, a member of biphenyls, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. 	It is a capsaicinoid, a member of biphenyls, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of guaiacols. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is isolated from the dried fruits of Capsicum annuum and exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It has a role as an angiotensin receptor agonist. 	It has a role as an angiotensin receptor agonist. An angiotensin II type 2 receptor agonist. 	
It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 	It derives from a hydride of an androstane. It derives from a fluticasone. 	It derives from a hydride of an androstane. It derives from a fluticasone. Used in combination with vilanterol trifenate for treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 	
It derives from an egonol. 	It derives from an egonol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from an egonol. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It has been isolated from the fruits of Styrax agrestis. 	
It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin S. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a spiro compound, a bridged compound and a methyl ester. 	It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a spiro compound, a bridged compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a spiro compound, a bridged compound and a methyl ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. The molecule is a polycyclic indole alkaloid that is obtained from the root bark of Voacanga africana. 	
It derives from a glyoxylic acid. 	It derives from a glyoxylic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is a cembrane diterpenoid isolated from Lobophytum michaelae and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. 	
It is an enamine, a secondary alcohol, a polyketide, a polyene antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 	It is an enamine, a secondary alcohol, a polyketide, a polyene antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is an enamine, a secondary alcohol, a polyketide, a polyene antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is notoriously unstable. 	It is an enamine, a secondary alcohol, a polyketide, a polyene antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is notoriously unstable. The molecule is a polyene antibiotic obtained from Bacillus subtilis 168 that is active against a broad spectrum of bacteria. 	
It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. 	It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It is a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. The molecule is an organic heteroheptacyclic compound isolated from the bark of Indonesian Garcinia gaudichaudii and exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It has a role as a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a human metabolite. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. 	
It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, an aromatic ether and a member of furans. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, an aromatic ether and a member of furans. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. 	It is a furanocoumarin, a sesquiterpenoid, an aromatic ether and a member of furans. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. Isolated from the roots of Ferula fukanensis and Ferula ferulioides, it exhibits inhibitory activity against production of nitric oxide (NO). 	
It derives from an agmatine. 	It derives from an agmatine. It is an acetamide and a member of guanidines. 	
It is an amino decasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 	It is an amino decasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It has a role as an epitope. 	
It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 	It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. The molecule is a lactaldehyde. 	
It is a conjugate base of a versicolorin A. 	It is a conjugate base of a versicolorin A. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). 	
It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. 	It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was formerly given by mouth in the treatment of obesity, but, like the racemate, was withdrawn wolrdwide following reports of valvular heart defects. 	It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It was formerly given by mouth in the treatment of obesity, but, like the racemate, was withdrawn wolrdwide following reports of valvular heart defects. It stimulates the release of serotonin and selectively inhibits its reuptake, but unlike the racemate it does not possess catecholamine agonist activity. 	
It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 	It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. 	
It is an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical and a substituted aniline. 	It is an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. 	It is an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical and a substituted aniline. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. 	
It is a conjugate acid of a FR901469. 	It is a conjugate acid of a FR901469. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 	It is a conjugate acid of a FR901469. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. The molecule is an organic cation obtained by the protonation of the amino group of FR901469. 	
It is an enone, a chromenol, a benzenetriol, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 	It is an enone, a chromenol, a benzenetriol, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. A potassium channel opener, it is isolated from Mallotus philippensis. 	
It is an isocyanide, an epoxide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and an ambiguine. 	It is an isocyanide, an epoxide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and an ambiguine. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. 	It is an isocyanide, an epoxide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and an ambiguine. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. An antimicrobial agent isolated from the cyanobacterium strain Fischerella. 	
It is an amidobenzoic acid, a member of cinnamamides and a secondary carboxamide. 	It is an amidobenzoic acid, a member of cinnamamides and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor and a TRP channel blocker. 	It is an amidobenzoic acid, a member of cinnamamides and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor and a TRP channel blocker. It is a transient receptor potential (TRP) channel blocker and phospholipase A2 (PLA2) inhibitor. 	
It is a cyclopentapyran and an iridoid monoterpenoid. 	It is a cyclopentapyran and an iridoid monoterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	It is a cyclopentapyran and an iridoid monoterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. An iridoid monoterpenoid isolated from several Nepeta plant species. 	
It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, a macrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a glycopeptide. 	It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, a macrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a glycopeptide. The molecule is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that is produced by species of Amycolatopsis and Nocardia. 	
It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. 	It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. It is a member of catechols and a disaccharide derivative. 	It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. It is a member of catechols and a disaccharide derivative. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. 	It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. It is a member of catechols and a disaccharide derivative. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. Isolated from Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora, it exhibits antioxidant activity. 	
It is a cembrane diterpenoid, a diterpene lactone, a macrocycle and a triol. 	It is a cembrane diterpenoid, a diterpene lactone, a macrocycle and a triol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It is a cembrane diterpenoid, a diterpene lactone, a macrocycle and a triol. It has a role as a metabolite. It has been isolated from the leaves of Croton gratissimus. 	
It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a member of phenols. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a member of phenols. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 	It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a member of phenols. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. The molecule is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. 	
It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 	It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. Isolated from Dendrolobium lanceolatum, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. 	
It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of formamides. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of formamides. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 	It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of formamides. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. The molecule is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with a rearranged oleanane skeleton isolated from the whole plants of Dysoxylum hainanense. 	
It derives from a thromboxane B1. 	It derives from a thromboxane B1. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a thromboxanes B and a secondary alcohol. 	It derives from a thromboxane B1. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a thromboxanes B and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. 	It derives from a thromboxane B1. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a thromboxanes B and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a urinary metabolite of thromboxane B2. 	It derives from a thromboxane B1. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a thromboxanes B and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a urinary metabolite of thromboxane B2. The molecule is a monocarboxylic acid that is thromboxane B1 which is lacking four methylenes in the carboxyalkyl chain. 	
It derives from a propionic acid. 	It derives from a propionic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthalenes. 	
It is a conjugate base of a hypotaurine and a hypotaurine zwitterion. 	It is a conjugate base of a hypotaurine and a hypotaurine zwitterion. The molecule is an organosulfinate oxoanion resulting from the deprotonation of the sulfinic acid group of hypotaurine. 	
It derives from a thiourea. 	It derives from a thiourea. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. 	It derives from a thiourea. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. The molecule is a member of the class of thioureas that is thiourea in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a phenyl group. 	
It derives from a sulfanilamide. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. 	It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. 	
It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and an acetate ester. 	It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and an acetate ester. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 	
It is a member of salicylamides, a member of salicylanilides and a benzanilide fungicide. 	It is a member of salicylamides, a member of salicylanilides and a benzanilide fungicide. The molecule is an amide of salicylic acid and of aniline; it is therefore both a salicylamide and an anilide. 	
It is an ACES and an amino sulfonic acid. 	It is an ACES and an amino sulfonic acid. The molecule is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.9 at 20 . 	
It derives from a carnitine. 	It derives from a carnitine. It has a role as a metabolite. 	
It is a conjugate base of a TDP. 	It is a conjugate base of a TDP. The molecule is the organophosphate oxoanion that is the trianion of TDP arising from deprotonation of the two diphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 	It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. diseases on rice, potatoes, maize, grass and other crops. 	It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. diseases on rice, potatoes, maize, grass and other crops. Used to control Rhizoctonia spp. 	
It derives from a nerol. 	It derives from a nerol. It is an acetate ester, a monoterpenoid and an olefinic compound. 	It derives from a nerol. It is an acetate ester, a monoterpenoid and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. 	It derives from a nerol. It is an acetate ester, a monoterpenoid and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. The molecule is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of nerol with the carboxy group of acetic acid. 	
It is a conjugate base of a geranyl phosphate. 	It is a conjugate base of a geranyl phosphate. The molecule is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of geranyl phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. 	
It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. The molecule is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of glycine betaine. 	
